# Body, Soul and Spirit

Now, when we illustrate the things we are going to talk about, you understand that we are accepting the Bible as the final authority in all matters of faith and practice. When we say, "the Bible is the final authority in all matters of faith and practice," we are not confining it to religious matters. I mean, sometimes the brethren have us wrong. When I say the Bible is "the final authority in all matters of faith and practice," I mean to say, without apology, that I believe the Bible is able to correct any doctor, lawyer, surgeon, scientist, physicist, bishop, or mathematician who ever lived. We don't put the Bible in some third or fourth place where it just has control over a limited area. We judge [sports]{.class_s42} by the Bible. We judge [art]{.class_s42} by the Bible. We judge [music]{.class_s42} by the Bible. The Bible is the final authority in all matters of faith and practice.

All right, in 1 Thessalonians 5:23--24 (and you would think that if a man could buy a Bible, he would have found this out years ago) you learn what a man is. In that passage, Paul says, ["I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it."]{.class_s43}

Now, look at that passage carefully. If it doesn't match what psychiatrists say, then we should throw out what they say. According to that verse, a man has a body, a soul, and a spirit. Do you see that? The verses say that a man has a body, he has a soul, and he has a spirit. Now, if that is right---and there is no doubt in my mind about it---then a man has a [tripartite]{.class_s42} nature. He is a body, a soul, and a spirit. If that is true, do you realize what a mess we are in'? If that is true, it means that in the United Nations Building in New York, we have a bunch of men sitting there to talk about the problems of mankind and straightening []{#c1J.xhtml_page_4}men out[, and they don't even know what a man is.]{.class_s42} What could be more pitiful than a doctor, with three degrees after his name, sitting down in a counseling office and charging somebody one hundred dollars an hour to talk to him about his problems when he doesn't even know what man is? You are a body, a soul, and a spirit. That is why the Bible says that man was made ["in the image of God"]{.class_s43} (Gen. 1:27). When man was originally made, God made him out of ["the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul" ]{.class_s43}(Gen. 2:7). A man has a body. A man has a soul. A man has a spirit. God has a [body]{.class_s42}, Jesus Christ. God has a [soul]{.class_s42}, God the Father. God has a [spirit]{.class_s42}, the Holy Spirit. Man is made in the image of God. He has a tripartite nature.

Everything on this earth can be broken down into "three's" before you get through. If you want to see the extent to which you can go, look at time, space, and matter. I mean, energy is some form of matter that has been transformed or put back in force. There are just three things out there---time, space, and matter. You break down [time]{.class_s42}, and you get past, present, and future---three things. You break down [space]{.class_s42}, and you get length, width, and depth---three things. It will come down to three's every time. There is the atmosphere, the ionosphere, and the stratosphere. Outside of that is the exosphere. On one side of the Atlantic, there is North America, Central America, and South America. On the other side of the Atlantic is Europe, Africa, and Asia. People come from three extractions: Mongoloid, Negroid, and "Caucasoid." The same goes for music, art, color, and the whole thing. A family consists of a man, a woman, and children. The Bible was written in Greek, Aramaic, and Hebrew. In the Old Testament, you have the law, the writings, and the prophets. In the New Testament, you have the gospels, the Acts of the Apostles, and the epistles. Did you know that part of your Bible is missing? There is an Old Testament. There is a New []{#c1J.xhtml_page_5}Testament. Where is the missing part of the word? It is in heaven! Jesus Christ is the Word of God.

Now, a man has a body, a soul, and a spirit. In Greek, those words look like this: σωμα (soma), ψυχη (psuche), and πνευμα (pneuma). In Hebrew, they come out looking like this: [בשר]{.class_s4B} (basar); [נפש]{.class_s4B} (nephesh), and [רוח]{.class_s4B} (ruach). You don't have to know Greek and Hebrew to know that these things are different. Do you know how you know they are different? They are spelled differently. They are not the same in [Hebrew]{.class_s42}, they are not the same in [Greek]{.class_s42}, and they are not the same in [English]{.class_s42}. Therefore, you know that they are not the same.

Do you realize that I am talking to people right now that have been alive for ten, twenty, thirty, or forty years, and you don't even know yet what you [are?]{.class_s42} You know what your body is, but you don't know what your soul is. I'll bet you couldn't even locate your soul if you had to. You don't even know what your spirit is. Isn't that strange? How do you account for the fact that an American can come up through six years of grade school, three years of middle school, three years of high school, and four years of college and not even know [what he is?]{.class_s42} What a disgrace for a man to grow up and live a life on this earth, die, and never know what he is! David says in Psalm 8:4, ["What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him?"]{.class_s43} David wanted to know what man is. Man is a body, a soul, and a spirit.

What about these things? What are they? We'll look at your spirit first. John 3:8 says, ["The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit." ]{.class_s43}Now, look at that thing. The verse says that the spirit is like wind. Do you see that? ["The wind bloweth where it listeth\...so is every one that is born of the Spirit."]{.class_s43}

Now, notice that the Bible is an accurate, scientific textbook. You hear people say, "Well, the Bible is not a textbook on science, but wherever it speaks of science it speaks accurately." That isn't true. That stuff is something some preacher thought up. [The Bible is the only accurate textbook on science in existence. ]{.class_s42}There are no other scientific textbooks. There are textbooks that deal with certain attributes about physical science, that may or may not be true, but that isn't what we are after. What we are after here is [absolute truth.]{.class_s42}

Ezekiel 37:9, 14 says, ["Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live\...And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and performed it, saith the LORD."]{.class_s43} Notice that God is telling Ezekiel to prophesy, and He says to prophesy to the four winds and tell those four winds to come and breathe upon the slain. So, he prophesies to the wind. Now, how is that interpreted? Look at verse 14[, "And shall put my spirit in you\...."]{.class_s43} Did you see that? The spirit is like [wind]{.class_s42}.

As a matter of fact, if you didn't know the Bible, you should have been able to guess that. Look at the Greek word [pneuma]{.class_s42}. What is pneumonia? It is trouble with your [air]{.class_s42}. A pneumatic drill is a drill driven by [compressed air]{.class_s42}. See? I mean, the Bible is the scientific textbook, and the rest of them are nonsense.

All right, man has a [spirit]{.class_s42} in him. Now, everybody in this world has the same spirit. The Bible says, ["For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit]{.class_s43} [of God"]{.class_s43} (1 Cor. 2:11). Everyone has the same spirit---[the spirit of man.]{.class_s42} Every animal has the same spirit[]{#c1J.xhtml_page_7}[---the spirit of a beast.]{.class_s42} Ecclesiastes 3:21 says[, "Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?" ]{.class_s43}So, there are four spirits. There is the Spirit of God---the Holy Spirit. There is the spirit of the devil---the unclean spirit. There is the spirit of man---the human spirit. There is the spirit of the animal---the spirit of the beast. What is that? [That is the only scientific statement on it that has ever been made.]{.class_s42} You are wasting your time in the [National Geographic.]{.class_s42} They don't know what I just said. You will waste your time with the American Medical Association. They know less about what they are doing than a bat flying backward. There are four spirits on this earth. Man has a human spirit, and your spirit is like wind.

Now, listen, if you have never been born again, you have a spirit in you, the spirit of man, but it is a [dead]{.class_s42} spirit. How do you know that? Read John 3:5--7, ["Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again." ]{.class_s43}See? So, if a man is unsaved, he has a dead spirit. How do you know that he is dead? The Bible says in Ephesians 2:1, ["And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins."]{.class_s43} So, an unsaved man is dead. An unsaved man has a live soul, but he has a dead spirit.

Now, what about your soul? What is your [soul]{.class_s42} like? R. B. Thieme, down in Houston, Texas, says, "Don't forget. The soul is located in the cranium." Don't forget[, it is never located in the cranium. ]{.class_s42}If there is one place it is [never located]{.class_s42}, that is the place. Look at Luke 16:23--24. That is the rich man. Do you know where he is? He is in hell. Do you know what it says in that passage[? "And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments\...." ]{.class_s43}A soul has eyes[. "And seeth Abraham afar []{#c1J.xhtml_page_8}off, and Lazarus in his bosom. And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue\...."]{.class_s43} A soul has a tongue. Is that clear? (People have a time with it, don't they? Those ancient Greeks thought the soul was something like a peanut, or a golf ball, or croquet ball, stuck away in your body some place, and when you died, it popped out of your mouth, or out of the back of your head. In the Bible, the soul has a bodily shape. How do you know that?

Come on, get it while it's hot. Here today; gone tomorrow! You're not going to have that Book around forever. You'd better find out what it says. You're not going to get it in school. You had better get it while you can. You go to some Christian college, and they won't look at it one time. "Step right this way, ladies and gentlemen, the big show is just inside! Won't cost you anything but your time!"

Revelation 6:9 says, ["I saw under the altar the souls\...."]{.class_s43} You can see them. Verses 10--11 say, ["And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O  Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth? And white robes were given unto every one of them\...."]{.class_s43} Do you see that? ["White robes."]{.class_s43} [A soul can wear a robe]{.class_s42}. If a soul walked into your room right now with a robe on, and you removed the robe, you would see nothing underneath it. They call that a "ghost." That is why "Casper the Friendly Ghost" always wears a white linen sheet, because ["fine linen is the righteousness of saints"]{.class_s43} (Rev. 19:8). So, when they draw a ghost, they put a sheet over him.

Now, that soul has a [bodily shape]{.class_s42}. Let's illustrate it. Consider a football. The outside is leather, and inside that leather is an inner tube. That inner tube is shaped just like the football. [That inner tube represents your soul]{.class_s42}. If you put air in the football, it is one football, but there are three separate items. []{#c1J.xhtml_page_9}Do you see that? God has a soul, a body, and a spirit---the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Now, take that football. If there were no air in it, it would be a flat football. Do you know what an unsaved man is? He's a punctured tire. You are sitting there (and I hate to say this to you.

I know that this isn't the least bit flattering), but did you know that some of you folks are corpses? What a thing to say to people! I'll bet the pastor of the First Baptist Church never said [that]{.class_s42} to his congregation. I'll bet that you could go down to the Pensacola Christian College chapel for a long time and never hear that. Even if he would say it, he would say, "And so, if we are not born again, then we are corpses." NO! [You]{.class_s42} are a corpse! If you are not saved, you have never been born again. And if you have never been saved and born again, [part of you is dead!]{.class_s42} Do you know what Christ said? He said to ["let the dead bury their dead"]{.class_s43} (Luke 9:60). You are a flat tire. You can eat, you can sleep, you can drink, you can reproduce, you can take care of your family, but you are dead. ["Ye must be born again,"]{.class_s43} John 3:7.

(All right, that was the introduction; now we will start.)

Take your Bible and go back to Genesis 2, and let's see how you began. Now, you understand that when we turn to Genesis 2, we are reading a historical, scientific account of the creation of man. You say, "Darwin said\...." All kinds of folks have all kinds of problems. Somebody said, "Well, this latest advancement indicates\..." or, "These scientists said\...." Not all of the boobies are in the hatch.

Recently one of those fellows said, "Well, I hope Reagan's foreign policy is better than his policy about evolution, because he has questions about evolution, and evolution is a fact." If evolution is a fact, you're not a monkey's uncle, you're a monkey's grandson. Evolution a [fact!]{.class_s42} Why, what fool thinks that things are winding [up?]{.class_s42} They are winding [down]{.class_s42}. Do you want to []{#c1J.xhtml_page_10}prove that? Buy a car. I don't see how a man who drives a used car can believe in evolution. I never could understand that.

Now, back in Genesis 2:7, God made this man, and He made him out of the dust of the ground. There's the [body]{.class_s42}. He breathed into him the breath of life, that's the [spirit]{.class_s42}. And man became a living [soul]{.class_s42}. The Lord said in verse 18, ["It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him," ]{.class_s43}and God made a woman. When He brought that woman to Adam, do you know what he said in verse 23? Adam said, ["This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh\...."]{.class_s43} How about the blood? [There is no blood there]{.class_s42}. Those two beings, whatever they were when they started, were [flesh]{.class_s42} and [bones]{.class_s42}. A fellow said, "Well, it was just an accident. He could have said flesh and blood." No. Where God wants to [say "flesh and blood," ]{.class_s43}He says ["flesh and blood."]{.class_s43} For example, turn to 1 Corinthians 15. If the Holy Spirit wants to have a writer say ["flesh and blood,"]{.class_s43} he says ["flesh and blood."]{.class_s43} Turn to it. Don't take my word for it. Read it! I'll tell you, the day is coming in this country that when a preacher quotes a verse, you had better look up that verse, and look on both sides of it, too. In 1 Corinthians 15:49--50, Paul is talking about the rapture. Verse 50 says[, "Flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God\...."]{.class_s43} Right? All right then, [flesh and bones]{.class_s42} is one combination, and [flesh and blood]{.class_s42} is another combination. You say, "You are making too fine a difference." Am I? Turn to Luke 24. Let's see if I am cutting the deck too close. Do you know why the kingdom can't come on this earth until Christ comes back? The reason is that [flesh and blood can't inherit it.]{.class_s42} There is something [wrong]{.class_s42} with the blood. Did you get that? There is something [wrong]{.class_s42} with your blood [and]{.class_s42} your parents' blood. Amen? The context of Luke 24 is Jesus Christ up from the dead. When He comes up from the dead, look at what He says to the disciples in Luke 24:39, ["Behold my hands and my]{.class_s43} [feet, []{#c1J.xhtml_page_11}that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones\...."]{.class_s43} What? No blood[? He doesn't have a drop of blood in Him]{.class_s42}. You say, "Where did His blood go?" He shed it on the cross. When that centurion put that spear into His side, the last bit came out of the cavity in the heart. There is no blood in Him. He is [flesh and bones.]{.class_s42}

Do you know what that means? It means that if Christ is the last Adam, [then the first Adam did not have any blood in him]{.class_s42}. What new doctrine is this? This is what is known as an archaic, Elizabethan, [King James]{.class_s42} doctrine. It is otherwise known as ["how to improve on the original manuscripts."]{.class_s42}

All right, whatever Adam was when he was made, he had no blood in him. He must have had a circulatory system. I mean, he could eat and stay alive. He must have had some kind of a circulatory system. What kind was it? Well, you ought to be able to guess. (I can't be sure, now, what I'm going to say, but I'm going to guess real close.) After all, if a King made a man, and the man was a direct creation of the King, you might say he was a ["blue-blood."]{.class_s42} I think that is the expression. I mean, since you are still 85 percent water, and since Christ said, ["Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men,"]{.class_s43} the chances are that it was a [water]{.class_s42} circulatory system. You say, "Where do you get that?" I get it from two places. The first public miracle Moses did in the Old Testament was turning [water into blood]{.class_s42}. Do you know what the first public miracle was in the New Testament? You would never guess. It is in John 2, turning the [water into wine]{.class_s42}. What is wine a type of? It is a type of blood. It is so much a type of blood that when Jesus' mother said, ["They have no wine,"]{.class_s43} He said, ["Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come."]{.class_s43} Did you ever read 1 John 5:8 where he says the [spirit]{.class_s42} and the [water]{.class_s42} and the [blood]{.class_s42} agree? Did you notice how they messed with the verse before that about the ["three that bear record in heaven, the ]{.class_s43}[Father]{.class_s4C}[, the ]{.class_s43}[Word]{.class_s4C}[, and the ]{.class_s43}[]{#c1J.xhtml_page_12}[Holy Ghost"]{.class_s4C}! They are always messing with that thing, aren't they?

All right, whatever that body was, it had a circulatory system, and it was "flesh and bones," but there was no blood. Then one day, there shows up someone in the garden of Eden, probably about 33!/2 years old and male (although Moses knew by revelation that it was something else). He said to the woman, ["Yea, hath God said?"]{.class_s43} "Is that in the [originals?"]{.class_s42} Then she said, "God hath said," and she misquoted the Lord. She said, "We are not to touch the fruit." He said, "Ah, a little bit won't hurt you." He popped a couple in his mouth to show that it didn't hurt, and so, she took the fruit. Whatever that thing was, it messed up her [body liquids]{.class_s42}. She reached out and took that fruit and put it in her mouth. If it affected her circulatory system, I suppose that it was something like blood. It must have made her lips red. That's why you ladies put on lipstick. A beast of prey, when he pounces on the prey, has front claws that are red and hind claws that are red. So, ladies paint their toenails and fingernails. Anyway, she took that fruit and ate it, and when she did, something went wrong inside.

Now, bless your soul, there is only [one]{.class_s42} tree in that Book that has "forbidden fruit." It is in Numbers 6, and it is a [vine]{.class_s42} tree. There is only one tree that is forbidden in that garden, and that is ["the tree of the knowledge of good and evil"]{.class_s43} (Gen. 2:17). There is only one tree that got old Noah in trouble when he came out of his ark, and that was a [vine]{.class_s42} tree. You have to look out for that [vine]{.class_s42} tree. Do you know what that vine tree is a type of? It is a type of [blood]{.class_s42}. Did you know that there is only one thing that you are forbidden to eat [before]{.class_s42} the Old Testament, [during]{.class_s42} the Old Testament, and [after]{.class_s42} the Old Testament? You are not to take blood---Acts 15:20 (New Testament), Leviticus 17:12 (under the Law), Genesis 9:4 (before the Law). Three times you are told, "Don't take blood"---especially on Sunday morning! Do you []{#c1J.xhtml_page_13}know why some folks talk so much about "original sin"? [It is because they commit it every Sunday morning.]{.class_s42} The first woman took something and put in her mouth what she shouldn't have put in her mouth, and it messed up her blood . Do you doubt if it messed up the blood? Tell me, ladies, hasn't there been something wrong with your blood ever since? That is something to think about, isn't it?

It messed up Adam's blood. When that took place, do you know what happened to old Adam? [He died inside]{.class_s42}. From that day on, Adam had a [live body]{.class_s42} and a [live soul,]{.class_s42} but he had a [dead spirit.]{.class_s42} From that time on, there is not a man in that Bible that was "born again" until after the death of Jesus Christ. When Jesus Christ shows up, a man can be born again. [There is no new birth in the Old Testament.]{.class_s42} Not one! Abraham was saved by grace through faith---no new birth. David was saved by grace through faith---no new birth.

In the Old Testament, you find salvation [before the Law]{.class_s42} by grace through faith and [under the Law]{.class_s42} by faith and works, but not one single case of the new birth anywhere in there. Do you know why? [Adam loses the image]{.class_s42}. Take your Bible and turn to Genesis 5, and notice that every man born after Adam is not born in God's image, [he is born in Adam's image]{.class_s42}.

(Now, I told you that we were going to get into the Book, and it's kind of heavy for some of you. It's the bad company that you've been keeping. You are not used to taking a book and sitting with it open in your lap, and checking things out. You're used to sitting with the light off and the boob tube on, burning your eyeballs out.)

All right, look at Genesis 5:1--3. The Bible says[, "This is the book of the generations of Adam\...Adam\...begat a son in his own likeness, after his image\...."]{.class_s43} Now, [read]{.class_s42} it. Look at that verse carefully. The boy is not in the likeness of God. He is in the likeness of Adam. He does not have a live body and a []{#c1J.xhtml_page_14}live soul and a live spirit like God has. He has a dead spirit. Folks say, "Man is made in the image of God[." No man is made in the image of God until he is born again!]{.class_s42} When a man is born again, the Bible says that he is ["renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him"]{.class_s43} (Col. 3:10).

All right, now let's take Abraham. What is Abraham? Why, he's ["dead in trespasses and sins"]{.class_s43} just like everyone else in the Old Testament. I don't see how in the world these Bible teachers can stand and look an audience in the face and tell them that people in the Old Testament were saved "the same way as those in the New Testament." Why, the guy teaching it knows [they don't even go to the same place!]{.class_s42} Old Testament saints didn't go to heaven when they died[. They went to Abraham's bosom. ]{.class_s42}How could a guy stand there and say that "In the Old Testament they are saved by looking [forward]{.class_s42} to the cross. In the New Testament they are saved by looking back to the cross, so they're all\...," How could you say a thing like that? [They don't even go to the same place.]{.class_s42}

Now, take John Calvin. I guess poor, old John Calvin made one of the worst mistakes a man could possibly make when he said that a man couldn't trust Christ until he was born again. John Calvin taught that when a man got saved the Holy Spirit came into the fellow and regenerated him first. Then, when the man was regenerated, he repented and received Christ. That is called [irresistible grace;]{.class_s42} the Holy Spirit overpowers the fellow and makes him willing. Do you know what that is called? That is called [total depravity]{.class_s42}. The guy [is "dead in trespasses and sins," ]{.class_s43}so he can't receive Christ. That is the teaching of John Calvin. That is the teaching of every Primitive Baptist and Hardshell Baptist. Most of your hyperdispensationalists wind up that way. Do you know what that teaching is? That teaching is that if I am ["dead in trespasses and sins,"]{.class_s43} a dead man can't do anything, therefore, [he can't receive Christ until he is []{#c1J.xhtml_page_15}quickened and born again. ]{.class_s42}That's what is going on. Now, let me ask you this: if I am ["dead in trespasses and sins"]{.class_s43} and can't receive Christ, [can I reject Him?]{.class_s42} Why, no, if what they say is so, how can you go to hell for something you are not responsible for, if you can't go to heaven for something you are not responsible for? John Calvin was not a Bible student nor a Bible scholar. As the Mayflower group said, "He was a precious, shining light in his day." That is, for John Calvin's day, he did a lot of good, and helped a lot of people out, but he wasn't a deep Bible student and wasn't a Bible scholar at all. Notice, in Exodus 35---I am in the Old Testament. I am under the law. I am in the days of Moses.---[I am in a time when there is no new birth, and no one is born again]{.class_s42}. No one is "quickened by the Holy Spirit." I want you to check verses 10, 21, 22, and 25. Read them. Now, do you see in those passages what is going on? Those people are doing what God told them to do. They are obeying the Lord. Now, look at that passage carefully and notice [the Holy Spirit doesn't touch one of them]{.class_s42}. There isn't a single one of them that the Lord stirs up. They stir [themselves]{.class_s42} up. Their [own heart]{.class_s42} stirs them up. Those are the hearts of people who have never been born again---unregenerate sinners[. They are doing what God tells them to do. ]{.class_s42}The very idea of you sitting there and saying you can't receive Jesus Christ. You can. [You certainly can!]{.class_s42}

All right, along comes Abraham, and about the time that he shows up, the Lord calls him out one night and says, "Abraham, look up in the air." Abraham looks up into the air. The Lord says, "What do you see up there?" Abraham said, "I see a bunch of stars." The Lord said, "I'm going to give you as many children as there are stars." Abraham said, "I believe it." The Lord said, "You do?" Abraham said. "Yes. I do." The Lord said, "Don't you want some kind of a rain check to secure it, or something?" Abraham answered, "No, if you said it, I believe it." The Lord said, "Now, look here, old man, you're about one hundred years old. You []{#c1J.xhtml_page_16}know that, don't you?" Abraham said, "If you say so, I am." The Lord says, "Are you sane?" Abraham replies, "Well, Lord, if you say it, I believe it." So the Lord said, "I'll tell you what. If you are that wild and will go that far, and put your faith in me that much, I'm just going to give you my righteousness." Then, God gave Abraham His righteousness.

One day, the Lord took me out to a hill and told me to look up. He said, "What do you see?" I said, "It looks to me like a dead Jew." He said, "Well, what's He doing?" I said, "I don't know. It looks like He is dying to me." The Lord said, "All right, you trust that, and I'll get you to heaven." I answered, "Okay, I believe it." The Lord asked, "Do you believe that a dead Jew can get you to heaven?" I said, "If you said it, I believe it." The Lord said, "Well, I'll tell you what. If you are going that far out in left field to put your faith in me, I'm just going to give you my righteousness." [I got it. I got it!]{.class_s42} Do you have your own righteousness?

I'll tell you what. If you have got yours, you can keep it. [I have someone else's!]{.class_s42}

He told Abraham, "I'm going to give you my righteousness." ["Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness"]{.class_s43} (Rom. 4:3; Gen. 15:6). The Lord told Abraham over in Genesis 17, "Now, get a knife." Abraham said, "What for?" The Lord said, "You are going to cut yourself where it hurts the most." Abraham said, "Why do I have to cut myself?" The Lord said, "Well, without the shedding of blood is no remission of sins, and I have to cut you in the right place because your problem is in your seed." Abraham said, "What's wrong with my seed?" The Lord said, "Your seed is no good." So, [your seed]{.class_s42} is no good. The trouble is your seed. Do you know what Simon Peter said? ["Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever. For all flesh is as grass"]{.class_s43} (1 Pet. 1:23--24). Do you know why I die? My [daddy]{.class_s42} died. Do you []{#c1J.xhtml_page_17}know why my daddy died? [His]{.class_s42} daddy died. Do you know why they died? [Their]{.class_s42} daddies died. Do you know what is wrong with us? There is something wrong with our seed. Can't you get that? Suppose I had a room full of doctors and lawyers. Do you think I could care less? You're going to drop dead. You're going to kick the bucket. They're going to put you to bed with a shovel, just like me. I don't care what a bunch of doctors, lawyers, and scientists think. Go to bed, sonny, and pack him down in the dirt. I mean, ["all flesh is as grass."]{.class_s43} There is something wrong with the seed.

The Lord says, "Cut yourself." So, he cuts himself. Why does he do that? Well, because back in the Old Testament, the Lord couldn't give a man a new birth. Listen, if Abraham was born again, he was [spiritually]{.class_s42} circumcised. The reason he had a [knife]{.class_s42} to do the cutting was because he wasn't [spiritually]{.class_s42} circumcised. [He was not born again.]{.class_s42} Nobody in the Old Testament was born again. Turn to Colossians 2. (We'll get to the meat of the thing in a minute.) Now you're in the New Testament. You get in the New Testament, and you are no longer under the law. You're on the other side of Calvary. You are on the side of Calvary where Christ has already died, was buried, and has risen. Now, I want you to look at the difference over there. Look at Colossians 2:11, 13. See what happened when you were saved. Verse 11 says[, "In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ." ]{.class_s43}Verse 13 says, ["And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses." ]{.class_s43}Now, read that thing over[. "The circumcision made without hands...."]{.class_s43} Amen? ["In putting off\..."]{.class_s43} what? The foreskin of some part of the body? No, sir[! "Putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ\...through the faith of the []{#c1J.xhtml_page_18}operation of God."]{.class_s43} He called it an ["operation."]{.class_s43} There is nothing like a [King James Bible]{.class_s42} to clear up Young Dr. Kildare or whatever his name was. All right, so he said, "Cut yourself there because someday I'm going to perform a spiritual cutting, and I can't perform it yet. Why can't I perform it yet? The seed is no good. You have to get the right seed." Do you know what He said to that serpent in Genesis 3? He said the "seed," [the seed,]{.class_s42} the seed of the woman would bruise its head! That is what He said to the devil.

All right, along comes Jesus Christ. He dies on the cross for your sins. He is buried. He lies in the tomb three days and three nights. He comes back from the dead the third day. Here comes eternal life. Eternal life comes along, goes through Calvary, through the tomb, and through the Resurrection. Something happens, though, I don't know what it is. I just know that when He hung on the cross, He said[, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"]{.class_s43} (Matt. 27:46). [There was a break]{.class_s42}. I don't know how you have a break in "eternal life" and it still is eternal, unless one part of Him was eternal, and one part wasn't. I know one thing. When He was out of [eternal life]{.class_s42} in those few moments, those three hours[, He was in eternal death.]{.class_s42} When He says[, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"]{.class_s43} He is like a man in hell. A man in hell says, ["I thirst"]{.class_s43} (John 19:28, Luke 16:24). I know one thing. I know that when eternal life came down something happened at Calvary where God's Son [experienced eternal death. ]{.class_s42}When He came off that cross, do you know what He said? He said, ["It is finished"]{.class_s43} (John 19:30).

All right, down He goes, down to the grave. Up He comes from the grave[. "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end"]{.class_s43} (Rev. 22:13). He rose again. Where did He go? He went right up where He came from. He came from eternal life; He goes to eternal life. The beginning and the end---that is eternal life. That is the life that was before the foundation of the []{#c1J.xhtml_page_19}world, and the Lord Jesus Christ said in His high priestly prayer, ["Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which]{.class_s43} [thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world."]{.class_s43} Eternal life goes through Calvary.

Now, I want to step up to the New Testament this side of Calvary and look at a man to see how he makes out. The chosen seed of Israel's race has shown up. The perfect sacrifice has been made. Listen! Beware of anybody that tries to get you back over on the other side of Calvary. Brother Weldon Jones has spent years in Mexico winning those people to Christ, and he can tell you, any time you want to talk to him, that the trouble with those folks in Mexico is quite simple[. They are always trying to get you back on the other side of Calvary because there is a priesthood over there, and there isn't any robed priesthood on this side of the cross!]{.class_s42} They are trying to get you back on the other side of the cross. "Well, I hope I'm saved, I guess I' m saved, I think I'm saved\...." You say that because back there it's not yet complete. Now it is complete. ["It is finished."]{.class_s43} You aren't going to drive me back over to the other side of Calvary[; that's where I was before I was saved.]{.class_s42}

What is the best example I know? Well, the best example I know is myself. The best thing to do is just to give a personal testimony. All right, here I am. One day I took Jesus as my Savior. What happened? The Holy Spirit came in, and when He came in, He brought a knife with Him. ["The word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword"]{.class_s43} (Heb. 4:12). He stepped inside me and cut my soul loose from my body. You say, "I've never heard of such a thing." At the hospital, they have a laser, and they are just beginning to learn that they can cut under the flesh without breaking the skin. They are awfully late. They are just about nineteen hundred []{#c1J.xhtml_page_20}years too late to count. (I mean, once in a while they catch up with a [King James Bible]{.class_s42}, but not very often.) All right, inside I am cut loose from this body that I am in right now. Inside of me there is a living soul that is cut free, and is no longer joined to this flesh. You say, "Where do you get that?" I get it from Romans 7:1--4, the illustration about a man cleaving to his wife. Do you see that? The husband no longer being there, the wife is no longer stuck to him. That is why that passage is there.

All right, Jesus Christ goes down and comes up. I trust Him. What happens? The Holy Spirit comes into me. The first thing He does is a [spiritual operation]{.class_s42}, Let's illustrate it. Look at an ice tray. The ice tray has cubes of ice in it. You pick the tray up and try to break and chip the cubes from the tray; the water goes all over the floor, and you cut your fingers. However, if you take that tray, place it under the faucet, and run some water over it, when you pull back the handle or twist the tray, the cubes are still in the tray, but every one of those cubes breaks loose from the tray itself. [The cubes are loose.]{.class_s42}

Now, I'm still in the tray, see? There's the tray (the body), but I'm not [stuck]{.class_s42} to it. You say, "How do you know that?" I'll show you how I know that. Turn to Leviticus. (There's nothing like a Bible to clear up a college education.) Now, in the Old Testament, a man's soul was stuck to his flesh. So, if a man reached up to touch the piano, his soul touched the piano. How do you know that? Look at Leviticus 22:11, and then at verse 6. Do you see how the soul is used there? It is used as a [person]{.class_s42}. Verse 6 says, ["The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the holy things, unless he wash his flesh with water."]{.class_s43} Do you see that? Now, my soul can't touch the piano. My [body]{.class_s42} can touch it, but my soul can't. Do you know why? [It is cut loose from the flesh]{.class_s42}. In the Old Testament, when a man touched anything, his [soul]{.class_s42} touched it. That is why he needed cleansing. That is why []{#c1J.xhtml_page_21}those people in the Old Testament never knew from one day to the next whether or not they were saved. They were defiled every time they picked up something that wasn't right. Now, you people that are saved, do you realize the liberty that you have? Man, you're set free! Paul says, ["Use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh"]{.class_s43} (Gal. 5:13), but when you are saved, you no longer contact the thing when you touch it with your flesh.

All right, now I've trusted Christ. What happens? The Holy Spirit comes in and cuts my soul loose from my flesh. What happens next? Well? He [regenerates]{.class_s42} my dead spirit, so that I have a new spirit. ["That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit."]{.class_s43} Since the Holy Spirit is in me, and in the Lord, then I am in the Lord, and He is in me. I don't open my mouth and pop the wafer and say, "There I have you. See you next Sunday!" Look! I trust Christ, and He comes into my body. My body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. He is inside me until hell freezes over, and I am in Him. Listen, if I am in Him, and He is in me, and He is eternal life, then I have eternal life. He's in me, [and I'm in Him]{.class_s42}. The Bible says, ["For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him"]{.class_s43} (Col. 2:9--10). Why, you think about what a fortunate character I am. Here I am standing here; I know where I've been, what I am doing here, and where I am going. Boy, how is that for getting "oriented"? Some of you folks want a "meaningful" life. How about that? Wouldn't it be a blessing to know every place you have been, what you are doing here, and where you are going? "Where have you been?" Back there in Genesis, and before Genesis with the glory God gave Christ before the foundation of the world. "Where are you going?" I'm going up beyond Revelation 22---New Jerusalem, I know where I have been. I know where I am. []{#c1J.xhtml_page_22}I know where I am going. Do you know where you are going? I'll bet some of you don't.

I am in Him; what else? If I am in Him, I am a part of His death. I am a part of His burial. I am a part of His resurrection. I have three parts. [There have to be three of them]{.class_s42}. Now, practically speaking, where am I? [Practically]{.class_s42}, I am dying a slow, painful death. ["I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me"]{.class_s43} (Gal 2:20), that is day by day, practically. Where am I as far as [God]{.class_s42} is concerned? I am in the grave. I am dead, buried, and put away, and the Lord doesn't have to mess with Pete Ruckman any more. [Pete Ruckman is dead.]{.class_s42} When we baptize people in the baptistry, do you know what that pictures? It is a picture of the person [dying]{.class_s42}. A man who is buried in baptism shows his death. So, as far as God is concerned, when I mess up with the body, what do I do? I reap what I sow. You can't get away with sin, but as far as the sins are concerned, they are committed by a [corpse]{.class_s42} on a [corpse]{.class_s42}. They are dead, and they are buried. Do you know what is wrong with a lot of Christians[? They keep digging up that corpse and fooling with it. ]{.class_s42}The third part of our life is the spiritual life. [Spiritually]{.class_s42}, I am risen with Jesus Christ. Every Christian has three lives.

Turn to Ephesians, and I'll show you something. You know, the trouble with a lot of Christians is that they keep digging up that old, dead corpse, or they go back and lie down in the grave with it. I heard Dr. Bob Jones Sr. say one time that all of the time you take in your life to serve yourself is nothing but a bunch of errands for a corpse. [Would you want to be an errand boy for a corpse?]{.class_s4D} (That is something to think about.) If you are saved, all of the time that you spend on yourself is spent running errands for a [dead man]{.class_s4D}. Amen? You are dead, and your life is hid with God in Christ. ["Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that []{#c1J.xhtml_page_23}sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light"]{.class_s43}

(Eph. 5:14). Now, look at that. Is that written to an unsaved man? Look at Ephesians 5:13. Is that to an unsaved man? Look at 5:12; look all through there. That is not written to an unsaved man. Ephesians 5:14 is written to a saved man. What did he say? ["Awake thou that sleepest."]{.class_s43} Some Christians are asleep. ["And arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light."]{.class_s43} Some Christians spend all of their time with a corpse.

One time in the 1890's, when they used to have old-fashioned grave diggers, a grave digger dug a grave. When he had finished digging it, he slipped and fell into it, nearly breaking his neck. He grabbed for his shovel but didn't make it. He found himself in an eight foot hole with no way to get out. He was going to have to spend all night there and wait for the burial party to come in the morning to get him out. It was cold in there that night, and he was walking back and forth in that grave, about seven feet each way, trying to keep warm. He was hopping up and down and beating himself. Every now and then he would say, "Brrr, it's cold down here!" An old drunk came through the graveyard about midnight and out in the dark he heard, "Brrr, it's cold down here." That wino came to that grave and looked in and said, "Well, no wonder you're cold. You kicked all the dirt off of you!" Do you know why some Christians are cold? [You have kicked all the dirt off of you!]{.class_s42} That's the problem. You are trying to raise that old corpse back up.

Did you know that every Christian is a zombie? Look, an unsaved man has [a live body, a live soul,]{.class_s42} and [a dead spirit]{.class_s42}. A Christian has a live spirit, a live soul, and a dead body. Do you see that? Your body is a corpse. Do you know that all of the trouble that you have you have with the flesh? Listen, the Bible says, ["Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead" ]{.class_s43}(Rom. 6:11). [Dead men can't want things]{.class_s42}. How do you []{#c1J.xhtml_page_24}get into trouble if you are [dead?]{.class_s42} Nobody in the graveyard has any trouble at all---no problems with mixed bathing or anything else. Those folks in the graveyard never worry about makeup, short skirts, long hair--- nothing. [They are dead]{.class_s42}. Isn't that your trouble? They say, "He is his own worst enemy." That is everybody's worst enemy. Do you see that rascal in your mirror? If you could get rid of him, your problems would be solved.

When I was first saved, I closed one eye and looked down my nose; I wondered who I was seeing. You might think I am crazy, but that is all right with me. I can't explain it to you. I remember the first shower I took after I was saved. As God is my witness, when I got into that shower and started soaping that bare skin and looking at it, it was like looking at a perfect stranger. I said, "What a weak, puny thing!" I never thought that before, but I thought it then! When I looked at my nose, do you know what I saw? That was the old man. Ah, I see you, you rascal! Do you know what I have inside of me? I have a new man inside this body, and it is certainly not this body of flesh.

This body of flesh is the one that gives me trouble. I say, "Shut up!" It says, "I have to have it." I say, "No, you don't!" It says, "Yes, I do." I say, "No, you don't." It says, "'I need it." I say, "You don't need it. Shut up and be still." It says, "Look at me. I'm so nervous; I just have to have it." I say, "You're dead." It says, "I'm not dead. Look at me. I'm moving." I say, "You are dead. The Bible says that you are dead, and if the Bible says that you are dead, then you are dead!" It says, "If I'm dead, then why are you talking to me?"

That's the real trouble, isn't it, brother? [It's the flesh]{.class_s42}. It's flesh---ashes to ashes, dust to dust. You should see them at the spa! You should see them strutting that flesh. Some of those old boys down there spend more time looking in the mirror than they do pumping iron. I've seen them, "Mister America," or "Mister Universe." Do you know what will happen to that []{#c1J.xhtml_page_25}character one of these days? They are going to lay him in the ground, put dirt on him, and the maggots are going to get him---"Mister Maggot!" They do the same thing with the women. These "Miss Universe" and "Miss America" contests---And now, ["Miss Maggot!"]{.class_s42} Listen, that Bible says that all flesh is as grass. Your flesh is the rascal that gives you your problems.

When you are saved, you have a dead body and a live spirit. Do you know what you are? [You are a walking zombie]{.class_s42}. You are a living dead man. Did you ever wonder why you scare some of your old friends so badly? I mean, if a dead man suddenly showed up tomorrow night and tapped you on the shoulder, you would wonder, too, wouldn't you?

I'm sure you know about that colored funeral where the widow was down front, leaning over the casket and crying. She was saying, "George, George, speak to me!" Some guy in the back of the building heard her and said, "If he do, dat window is mine!"

I have been saved for over thirty years. Do you know something? There are people in this town that still don't know what happened. There are people in this town that, when I walk down the street, they cross to the other side. They don't know what happened. They don't have the thing figured out yet! Boy, if I've been on a psychopathic kick, it sure has been a long one. It's run over forty-three years. The last time that they saw me, I was down at the Coral Club, the Diamond Horseshoe, the Town Pump, or the Peppermint Lounge playing drums in a dance band, with my billfold on the snare drum to muffle the sound, a beer bottle, and a broken Coke bottle just in case things got rough. (It got rough in those joints sometimes.) One minute I was like [that]{.class_s42}, and the next minute I'm driving around town with a sign on my car with a bunny rabbit on it, getting kids to come to Vacation Bible School. I am saying, "Come on, honey, get in the car with the bunny!" They can't figure it out. Do you []{#c1J.xhtml_page_26}know that happened? [I am a new man!]{.class_s42} Something happened. "Something new has been added." There is a medical doctor in this town that still keeps in his drawer about eight letters that I sent him in 1949, and he is not saved yet. Every now and then, he goes back to those letters and tries to figure it out. He can't figure it out. [If you are saved, you are a walking dead man.]{.class_s42}

In Greenville, South Carolina, I read this account. (It must have been about thirty years ago.) They were sending a corpse from Washington, D.C., to Atlanta, by hearse, so that it could be buried there. There was a white man and a colored man who drove the hearse, and they took turns driving. One would sleep while the other man drove. They were up into the Blue Ridge Smoky Mountain Park somewhere about two o'clock in the morning. The white man was driving, and the colored fellow was asleep. It began to rain hard, and the white guy saw a hitchhiker out on the side of the road. (Back in those days, you would usually pick them up.) He pulled alongside him and said, "Buddy, you had better get in here before you die of pneumonia. There's only one place that you can get, though. You will have to ride in the back because my buddy is sleeping here in the front. You can sleep in the back with the corpse if you don't mind." The hitchhiker said, "That don't bother me, man!" So, he crawled into the back with the casket.

They drove on and were getting close to Asheville, or Hendersonville, about four o'clock in the morning. The white fellow woke up the colored fellow to get him to drive, but he forgot to tell him about the new passenger in the back. That colored man began to drive around those hairpin curves coming down toward Spartanburg, and the guy in the back woke up. He wanted a cigarette or something, so he tapped on the glass. It just about scared the colored man to death, but he wouldn't turn around. The hitchhiker tapped again; no results. So he slid open the glass and tapped the colored guy on the shoulder. That []{#c1J.xhtml_page_27}colored guy slammed on the brakes, jumped out of that hearse, and headed off through the woods. When I read that thing in the paper, that guy had been gone for three days, and they hadn't found him yet. Now, the next time that you ask one of your buddies, "Are you saved?" and he starts looking at you funny, that is why. You are a walking zombie.

All right, let's wind the thing up. Suppose that I am talking to someone who is not saved. If you are not saved, you are not "in Christ." You don't have eternal life. You may have religion, but religion does not put you in Christ. You may have been baptized in water, but being baptized in water does put you in Christ. [You are still in Adam's image]{.class_s42}. You are dead. ["Ye must be born again."]{.class_s43} I realize that the term born again has fallen into disrepute in this age. When Flynt, Carter, and all that bunch profess to be "born again," people wonder what it is. Well, I'm not talking about that kind of new birth. [I am talking about the Holy Spirit coming in, cutting you loose from your flesh, adopting you into the family of God, redeeming you, paying the blood price, applying the blood to your soul, saving your soul, regenerating your spirit, and putting you into Christ's body. ]{.class_s42}I'm not talking about some trip on drugs, or something.

Now, take an unsaved fellow. What happens to him[? "He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life"]{.class_s43} (1 John 5:12), and ["shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him"]{.class_s43} (John 3:36). ["And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins\...and were by nature the children of wrath" ]{.class_s43}(Eph. 2:1--3). If you are unsaved, you are in a terrible condition. I couldn't paint it too black. According to that Bible, you are [lost]{.class_s42}, you are [undone]{.class_s42}, you are [without hope]{.class_s42}, you are [without God]{.class_s42}, you are [outside of Christ]{.class_s42}, you are [outside the commonwealth of Israel,]{.class_s42} you are [alone]{.class_s42} in the world without the promises of God, you are [dead]{.class_s42}, you are [dead in trespasses]{.class_s42}, and []{#c1J.xhtml_page_28}you are [dead in sins]{.class_s42}. You have had it. A fellow says, "I don't feel it." You don't have to feel cancer to die of it. All you have to do is drop dead. You don't have to feel a blood clot until it kills you. Then you are gone.

Now, when the unsaved fellow dies, what happens to him? I'm not too sure about everything that I am going to say right now, but I will give you the Scriptures. Take your Bibles and turn to John 3 and Psalm 22. ["And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up" ]{.class_s43}(John 3:14). When Christ died on the cross, do you know what He likened Himself to? He likened Himself to a [serpent]{.class_s42}---the one who messed up the seed back there in Genesis. You see, the trouble is with [the seed]{.class_s42}. I believe that the "seed" looks something like a [worm]{.class_s42}, if I remember my biology correctly. Psalm 22:6 shows Christ on the cross---["But I am a worm, and no man\...."]{.class_s43} Now, you know that is Christ on the cross by looking at verse one. If you still doubt that it is Christ on the cross, look at verses 14, 15, and 18. The Psalm refers to Christ. ["I am a worm."]{.class_s43} The serpent is in the reptilian class. Something is wrong. Turn to Mark 9:48. ["Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched."]{.class_s43} ["Their worm"]{.class_s43} is a possessive pronoun. It is not [the]{.class_s42} worm, but it is [their]{.class_s42} worm. (Boy! Folks talk about the Greek and stuff. You ought to see what the Greek word for [that]{.class_s42} is. It is the word for a [red maggot!]{.class_s42} It is [red]{.class_s42}.) Turn to Revelation 9:7--11. In Revelation 9, the bottomless pit opens, and something comes up out of it. Smoke comes out, and locusts come out. Verses 7 through 11 describe what comes up out of that pit. Whatever comes out are [mutations]{.class_s42}. They are monsters. Look at the description---face like a man's, hair like a woman's, teeth like the teeth of lions, and tails like scorpions. Those things are monsters. [They are mutations]{.class_s42}. Those things are not human, whatever they are. They are people in some form []{#c1J.xhtml_page_29}of decomposition or something. Someone in the passage has been messing with the genetic code.

Now, do you know what Darwin said? He said it didn't [start]{.class_s42} good and go [down]{.class_s42}, like the pit description. He said it started [down]{.class_s42} and came [up]{.class_s42}. Darwin said that once you were an amoeba, and then you became a little old paramecium or hydra. Pretty soon, you became a fish, and then climbed out on land. You began to get some feet, stood up, and your tail dropped off. Pretty soon, you turned into a man. Somebody said, "Charlie, where did you get that?" Darwin said, "Well, you have vestigial organs. You have those nipples on a man's breast that he doesn't need. You have lobes on the ear for no good purpose. You have an appendix and tonsils that you no longer use. Those are remnants of what you were when you were an animal. What you are doing is [coming up]{.class_s42} from an animal and getting better and better and better. Those things that are left on you are remnants of what you used to be when you were an animal." I had a horrifying thought once. I thought to myself, "What if those things are prophetic[. What if those are for what you are going to be?"]{.class_s42} Think about that!

Now, do you know something? When Christ comes, do you know what we saved people are going to be like when He comes? [We are going to be just like Him]{.class_s42}. Amen? Christ said, ["Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do"]{.class_s43} (John 8:44). If I don't miss my guess (I'm just guessing now), at the White Throne Judgment, when a man loses his soul, he assumes the [shape]{.class_s42} of his father. Do you know what his father is? His father is a great red [serpent]{.class_s42} (Rev. 12; Gen. 3). He goes back to that.

If that is right, do you know what hell is? Hell is a great big pile of red maggots crawling all over each other, in a lake of fire. You always did love the flesh, didn't you? It will be just flesh on []{#c1J.xhtml_page_30}flesh, and the Bible [says "an abhorring unto all flesh"]{.class_s43} (Isa. 66:24).

["For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?"]{.class_s43} (Matt. 16:26). Do you know what a soul is? It is a bodily shape. It never was anything else. ["For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish"]{.class_s43} (John 3:16[). "How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation?"]{.class_s43} (Heb. 2:3). Do you know what ["perish"]{.class_s43} means? You lose your soul---your [bodily shape!]{.class_s42} Will you perish? ["The Lord is\...not willing that any should perish" ]{.class_s43}(2 Pet. 3:9). Don't neglect your soul's salvation another minute: not one more second. [Get saved now!]