#Tongues, Signs, and Healing

In this message, we are going to talk about some things that are very controversial, and there are all kinds of ideas on them. I'm not going to talk about them from only one standpoint. We're going to go all the way down to the beginning and take it clear through to see what the Bible says about this matter of tongues (what they call ["charismatic"]{.class-0}).

Now, the term "charismatic" is a Greek word, and you might have known somebody was trying to mess with something when they began to pull out the Greek. "Charismatic" comes from a Greek word which literally means "gifted"---[charisma]{.class-0}. That is, the people who claim to be "charismatic" claim to have[ ]{.class-2}[gifts ]{.class-0}that you don't have. Now, that is interesting.

Take your Bibles and turn to Proverbs 25:14.

Now, if a man claims to have a gift that I don't have or somebody else doesn't have, he's making quite a claim for himself. (I mean, they try to be humble about it and say, "Oh, no, I don't mean to do this or that.") If you are a "charismatic" though, you claim to be [gifted, ]{.class-0}and if you don't claim that, you are a hypocrite. That is what the word "charismatic" means. Now, we're not going to discuss what you think it means, because that is not in this message. It means [gift ]{.class-0}or [gifted. ]{.class-0}Folks talk about a politician having "charisma." They mean that he is [gifted to ]{.class-0}be able to do a thing. If a man professes to be a charismatic, he professes to have a gift. Read Proverbs 25:14. It's all right to have a gift, but if you boast about a false gift, that is, if you brag about something you don't have, do you know what you are like?

Look at Proverbs 25:14 and read it. There is nothing in the world like reading your Bible. You're living in a nation of people with high school educations that are scared of an open Bible. That Bible just terrorizes them. I know why that is. It is like I have said before---the first time I opened it, it terrorized me, but I was unsaved. If you're saved, you ought to be on friendly terms with that Book. In Proverbs 25:14, it says that if you boast of a false gift, you're like clouds and winds without rain.

Did you ever see a drought going across the country with people praying for rain and the crops all burning up? One day a big thunderhead shows up, and all of the farmers begin to thank God for a good shower. It is lightning and thundering, and they see the thunderhead come up and move over, but not a drop falls! That is a picture of a man who boasts himself of a gift he doesn't have.

What would you think of me if I said I was going to draw a picture, and I drew something like Picasso, Miro, or Pollock---one of those fellows? If I just put a bunch of lines up there and a couple of spots, spit on them, and rubbed them in with my thumb, you'd feel pretty cheated, wouldn't you? If these folks that profess to be gifted don't have a gift, they're lying.

It's like two colored fellows talking one time, and one said, "Boy, where did you learn to sing?" The other one answered, "I learned by correspondence school." The first one said, "Man, you shore musta lost a mess ob yo' mail."

One time a fellow was bragging about a combo. He said he had a three piece combo. Someone asked, "What's that?" He answered, "An organ, a cup, and a monkey." That was his three piece combo.

Now, when these people boast and brag about having a gift, they're like a rainstorm with no rain in it. You look to them for something, and all you get is hot air.

The thing that marks the modem charismatic movement in America is the inability of the people that believe in it to deal with doctrinal truths. In the book of Timothy, it mentions doctrine and sound doctrine over fifteen times[---"Continue ]{.class-0}in the doctrine, sound doctrine, [established ]{.class-0}in doctrine," etc. The thing that marks charismatic people in Pensacola is that they can't sit down for fifteen minutes with an open Bible and study doctrine. There is something wrong when a man can't do that. If you're a Christian who can't stand to sit at a table, open a Bible, turn to verses, read those verses, and see what God says, there is something wrong with your personal life. The old saying is, "My sins will keep me from this Book, or this Book will keep me from my sins." When you find a bunch of Christians who are afraid of that Book, there is something rotten in their lives.

There are all kinds of alibis about it if you're not right with God. However, if you're right with God, you love God's word. If you're not right with God, you don't love God's word. I'm not talking about being saved or lost. I'm talking about you saved people.

You take the people down South---even the ones that don't know everything about the Bible---they have a sneaking suspicion about what's in it! That's why people leave the thing lying around; they're afraid that it's not going to line up with what they believe or what they think they know. Now, there is the first thing about that false gift.

For the next thing, I'll show you a verse in your Bible that tells you what tongues [are]{.class-0}. Turn to 1 Corinthians 14:22. There isn't one Holiness preacher in this town that ever quoted the verse, and it tells you what tongues [are]{.class-0}. There isn't an Assembly of God, Church of God, or Pentecostal preacher in this town that could quote the verse publicly or privately. Do you know why? [It tells you what tongues are! ]{.class-0}Read it---1 Corinthians 14:22. ["Wherefore]{.class-2} [tongues are for a sign\...." ]{.class-2}Tongues are for a [sign; ]{.class-0}they're not just a gift. They are a [sign; ]{.class-0}do you see that?

Now, take your Bibles and turn to 1 Corinthians 1:22. Let's find out [who ]{.class-0}the signs are for. You know what tongues are; they are a sign. First Corinthians 14:22 went on to say that they are a sign to them that believe not. Who are the signs for? The Greeks are looking for wisdom, and ["the Jews require a sign"]{.class-2} (1 Cor. 1:22). Don't go out and say that Pete Ruckman teaches\...Ruckman...Ruckman\...Ruckman. Some people in this town have Ruckmanitis; they're infected. It isn't Ruckman! The trouble is that BOOK! That's the trouble.

That Book says that ["tongues are for a sign."]{.class-2} That Bible says that the Jews ["require a sign."]{.class-2} If you don't understand that, there is something wrong with your head, honey. That is sixth-grade English. ["The Jews require a sign,"]{.class-2}[ ]{.class-0}and ["tongues are for a sign."]{.class-2}[ ]{.class-0}If you don't have that, you don't have enough to get out of junior high school.

If we're going to talk about signs, then we're going to have to talk about the Jews, because ["the Jews require a sign."]{.class-2}

When Jesus rose from the dead, He said to His twelve disciples, ["He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe\..." ]{.class-2}(Mark 16:16--17). Signs, signs, and more signs! Why? They were all Jews---circumcised, pork‑abstaining, Sabbath-worshipping Jews!

Take your Bible and turn to Exodus 4. First of all, we're going to talk about the [origin of tongues. ]{.class-0}(We certainly can't get this straight unless we get our origins straight. We have to find out where tongues came from. If we're going to find out where tongues came from, we have to understand [signs. ]{.class-0}To understand signs, we have to study the Jew, because the Jew requires a sign.)

Come back to Exodus 4:8--9. Here is a man who brought the Jews out of Israel. This is the father of the Jewish theocracy, Moses. Moses was their deliverer and was sent down to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt. The nation of Israel begins with Moses. It doesn't begin with Abraham. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are the fathers, and at that time their people were just a people, and a nomadic people at that. The nation of Israel begins with Moses, the great leader, calling them up out of the land of Egypt. He calls them up and takes them into the wilderness. When God calls this Moses, Moses has a time answering His call and, in Exodus 4, is arguing with the Lord saying that he can't preach because of this and that. The Lord tells him in verses 2 and 3 to take the rod and cast it down to the ground, and he does. Then down in verses 6 and 7, the Lord says to take his hand and put it in his bosom. He sticks it in. The Lord said to pull it out, and it was leprous. The fellow is sick. [The first man ever to get sick in the Bible was Moses. ]{.class-0}No one is sick before Moses. He takes his hand, puts it back in his bosom, takes it back out, and he's well! He is healed.

[The signs of healing begin with Moses. ]{.class-0}The first man to get sick was a Jew, and the first man to be healed was a Jew. What is it for? Take your Bible and look at Exodus 4:30. Moses and Aaron went down to those Jews and did those signs. Do you see it? The people believed and bowed their heads and worshipped. Do you see that? The first sign to show up in the Bible was the sign of healing, and the sign of healing is for the Jew. Those signs begin with the Jewish theocracy because ["the Jews require a sign."]{.class-2} The Jews have a right to look for a sign because [the history of their nation began with signs. ]{.class-0}One of those signs was healing, and the sign of healing is for the Jew. That's why when you find the gifts over there in the New Testament in 1 Corinthians 12, speaking of this gift and that gift, that it says ["gifts of healing." ]{.class-2}Now, I believe God heals. There isn't a Baptist minister I ever met in my life in the crew I run with (the crew I run with are all Bible‑believing Baptists) who doesn't believe in healing. However, we Bible-believing Baptists don't believe in the [gifts of healing ]{.class-0}like they're given to the Jew because:

1\. We're not Jews.

2\. We're not preaching to Jews.

3\. We don't require a sign (a wicked and adulterous generation seeks for a sign).

See, we believe in healing; we just don't believe in [healers. ]{.class-0}We're short on faith in healers---not on faith in healing. Folks get upset if you get to talking like this, and they say, "Well, I don't care what you say. I still think God heals." Well, you pervert, I didn't say anything about that. I've seen God heal my dog. I have two German Shepherds; I've seen the Lord heal them. If my German Shepherds get hurt, I pray for them. I've seen them get hit by a car, turn white around the gills, and slobber at the mouth, ready to die. I prayed for them, and they got well. There isn't a member of my family that I've prayed for that didn't get healed. I believe in healing; but I don't take my family down to a tent, make them stand in line, and have them get a card, or have them up there in front of the organ and turn a spotlight on their face and all of that business. I mean, why do it the hard way, brother?

So, the signs begin with Israel, and Moses has the sign of healing. Why, if you stop to think about it, if the signs began with Israel, no one was sick before this time.

Take your Bible and turn to Exodus 15:26. Get it now; don't take my word for it. You'll go out, and someone else will quote something else to you. They had no sooner come out of Egypt until the Lord spoke to them. The Lord said to them in Exodus 15:26 that if they would do this or that, He would not bring any of the evil diseases which He brought upon the Egyptians, ["for I am the ]{.class-2}[Lord ]{.class-4}[that healeth thee."]{.class-2}

Read Exodus 15:26, and look at it carefully. Do you see anything in there about [faith]{.class-0}? Do you see anything in there about laying on of [hands? Do ]{.class-0}you see anything in there about [prayer]{.class-0}? Look at that thing carefully. Why, man, that's pure works! If you do this or that, I'll heal you, ["for I am the ]{.class-2}[Lord ]{.class-4}[that healeth thee."]{.class-2}

When God gave those signs to Moses as signs for the nation of Israel, since ["the Jews require a sign,"]{.class-2} the signs of healing had to do with obedience to God by doing what He said.

Now, what could be more foolish or tragic than a sick Christian praying for faith to be healed? What could be more sad than to see them going up and down the country, standing in healing lines, and asking God to heal them, trying to "have enough faith" and "believing all things are possible, only believe" and remembering that Jesus Christ is "the same yesterday, today, and forever"? The healer stands and says, "You unclean spirit, I release you from the devil of sickness. I release you from the demon of poverty!" What could be dumber than that? Can you imagine doing that to a Christian who won't witness or pass out tracts?

How do you think you are going to claim those things if you're a disobedient child of God? Why, those people don't witness. All they do is argue about tongues; they don't witness.

Let me ask you something. When is the last time somebody pointed their finger right in your face and told you that if you didn't repent of your sins and trust Jesus Christ, you're going to burn in hell? How many of you have ever had that said to you by anyone? You see, these people are not witnessing to you. They're not trying to get you saved. They just want you to go along with their little whatever‑it‑is.

Now, those signs begin with Israel, and what could be more foolish than a Christian talking about getting healed when he is [disobeying God by not doing what God told him to do?]{.class-0}

I'm not dumb enough to think that all sickness is of the devil, and I'm not dumb enough to think that all sickness is because you're disobedient. I have better sense than that. I have a brother in Christ who was burned badly years ago. He's gone through all kinds of trouble trying to get healed and fixed up. The Lord has worked on him and healed him marvelously and miraculously. I remember the first couple of times I saw him; I didn't think that he'd live three months. Now, what he had was a bunch of Christians praying for him, and the Lord did miracles for him. He didn't get healed, though, by going around taking his pension, insurance, and retirement and mailing it to one of those quacks. He got it by trusting God and waiting on God.

All right, now, we've talked about the [origin of the signs, ]{.class-0}and now we'll talk about the [history of the signs.]{.class-0}

Take your Bible and turn to Deuteronomy 18:18. Now, you understand that ["the Jews require a sign"]{.class-2} because their nation [begins with signs. ]{.class-0}A Jew has a right to expect signs. His national origin begins with signs and miracles like the crossing of the Red Sea and so forth.

Look at Deuteronomy 18:18--19. That's the Lord speaking through Moses. Moses then tells the children of Israel that God is going to raise up for them a prophet like unto himself, and whoever will not hear the words of that prophet that will speak in the Lord's name, He will require it of him.

Look at that prophet in Deuteronomy 18:18. Doesn't your King James Bible capitalize that word ["Prophet"? ]{.class-2}Do you know why? That ["Prophet"]{.class-2} is Jesus Christ. When John showed up in John 1, they said, "Art thou Elias? Art thou Christ? Art thou that Prophet?" John answered, "No, I'm not!"

Jesus comes up, and He is a prophet like unto Moses. If Jesus is a prophet like unto Moses, then He'll have to have the Mosaic signs. When Jesus shows up, He has the signs given to Moses. He is the second Moses and is the successor to Moses. He is called to deliver the Jews out of bondage. The Lord Jesus Christ, in type, is like Moses, who was sent to contest with Pharaoh and bring the Jews out. In the case of Jesus Christ, He is called to deliver the nation of Israel and set them free.

When Jesus comes down, does He have the signs? Take your Bible and turn to Mark 6:4--6, and look especially at verse 5. ["And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them. And he marvelled because of their unbelief." ]{.class-2}Those folks are the ones that were healed.

Do you see how people get their Bibles all screwed up? They say, "Do you have faith to be healed?" [That bunch in Mark 6 didn't have faith for anything. ]{.class-0}All He could do was heal them. He went around and laid His hands on a few sick folk, ["and he could there do no mighty work\...because of their unbelief." ]{.class-2}Now, listen! Do you know what that shows you? That shows that if you have the gifts of healing, you can lay hands on a fellow, and he'll be healed [whether he has faith or not! ]{.class-0}There weren't any misfires with Jesus Christ.

Take your Bible and turn to Acts 5:16. Let me tell you, if you have the gifts of healing that are in the Bible, you don't have to worry about people "hanging on to their faith and their feelings" and "releasing faith" and the overflow of the Holy Ghost and all of that other godless, pagan, irreverent, blasphemous clap‑trap. If you have the gift of healing and lay a hand on a fellow, man, he'll get up! In Acts 5:15--16, Peter is healing a bunch of folks by letting his shadow pass across them! How's that for healing? Doesn't it say ["they were healed every one"? ]{.class-2}They were healed [every one]{.class-0}---every one: no misfires, no duds, no short rounds, no wet fuses.

Take your Bible and turn to Matthew 4:23--24. Notice that when Jesus Christ heals, the healing is complete. There are no misfires. There is no place where you have to go back and hang on to your healing. There is no place where you have to come back and rededicate yourself. It isn't there. In Matthew 4:23--24, the Lord comes to a healing, and look at the list---"[he healed them." ]{.class-2}Every one---they're all healed. There isn't any such thing as a hard case or one that isn't hard.

If you have the gifts of healing---which some Charismatics claim to have (we'll get to tongues shortly) when you lay hands on a fellow, he'll get well. There won't be any misfires; they'll all get well.

Did you ever hear these Holiness people go around and say, ["Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever"]{.class-2}? Did you ever hear them say, ["The works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father"]{.class-2}?[ ]{.class-2}When was the last time you saw a healer put an ear back on a fellow? Do you know what happened in the Garden of Gethsemane? The soldiers came to get Jesus one night, and Peter got upset, took a sword, cut a man's ear off, and it fell to the ground. The Lord touches that ear (that must have been something to see), and it comes back up off the ground and back on his head. I'll bet you've never seen that in a healing line.

Someone says, "I saw this woman with a goiter, and she prayed, and the goiter went down!" Yea, sure! I'll bet you didn't read about it later when somebody caught her in some big scandal about healing and found out that she had some plastic flesh, a balloon, and an air hose running down her dress, did you? You ought to keep reading the newspaper. She has a balloon sitting up there on her neck with flesh over it. Down at the bottom of her dress she lets the air out of the balloon, and it goes down. Then somebody says, "Well, I saw it go down with my own eyes!" Television is a wonderful thing, isn't it?

Somebody says, "Well, I had a goiter that was healed, and I'm going to argue about that!" Some of you people are full of the devil, and every time I say something, you're saying, "But I think\...I still think\...." You don't think anything! What you're doing is saying, "I'm not going to believe that Book if it kills me." You say that because when you believe that Book you get into trouble. Don't kid me.[ I know what happens when you believe that Book. ]{.class-0}Some of you don't know, but you have a sneaking suspicion.

I didn't say God didn't heal people. I didn't say God didn't heal you. Don't you go and lie about me, you rascal! Now, listen, I didn't say that. If you say that I said that, you're going to be the biggest liar in ten counties. I didn't say that. I just said that you have to look out for Rev. Ike, David Nunn, Brannam, Oral Roberts, and the boys.

Oral Roberts had a meeting over in Mobile, Alabama, about twenty‑five years back, and they had a little gale come up and blow the tent down. I think seventeen people were injured. Do you know what they did? [They called for an ambulance! ]{.class-0}Isn't that weird, man? Why, if you have the gift of healing, why didn't you go around healing them? Why call for an ambulance? You know, the guy had insurance on the tent and all that stuff.

Ah, some of you Christians! If you don't get in that Bible, you're just like a duck sitting up in a shooting gallery waiting for someone to knock you off.

We had a meeting in Pensacola once, and some of those fakers came through and set up a tent. I had a friend from Bay Minette, Alabama, who came over and went to the meeting. He looked at the healing line and saw his sister, cousin, or some near kin, go through there and throw down her crutches. When the meeting was over, he stopped her and said, "What were you doing in that line? You're not a cripple." She said, "Well, they gave me \$10. It was the easiest \$10 I ever made in my life." He said, "How could you do that and deceive those people?" She answered, "Well, it was to help them have faith!" Oh, what an age, brother! Imagine lying to someone to help them out and getting paid for it! That's [bribery ]{.class-0}and [fraud]{.class-0}!

Listen, Jesus Christ was on this earth, and He had the power to heal. When He touched someone, they were healed. There wasn't any question about them being healed. They were healed!

All right, Jesus Christ died, was buried, and arose from the dead. When He came up from the dead, He called in His eleven disciples. Later on, He chose one to replace Judas. Take your Bible and turn to Mark 16, and let's see what those apostles did when they were called. Now, understand that if these apostles had the power that Jesus Christ had, they ought to be able to lay hands on people and have them recover.

Turn to Mark 16:17. Turn to it! There is no cure for stupidity like a King James Bible. You have college‑educated people in this town just as blind as a bat coming in backwards. All right, Mark 16:17 says, ["And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues." ]{.class-2}(The Charismatics can get in there.) Look at verse 18:\
["\...they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." ]{.class-2}No one is praying anything: ["\...they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." ]{.class-2}Nobody is praying [anything]{.class-0}!

You say, "But over there in James\...." We're not talking about James! Do you see how those fellows try to pull your leg? (P.T.L.---Pull The Leg!) Do you know what those fellows try to do? They mess around with that Book and get you all screwed up because you won't get in there and study.

He said, "We'll call up the elders of the church, confess your faults one to another, and pour oil, you know, and pray for each other"; [but that isn't what the verse says. ]{.class-0}That verse said one of those gifts to the Jew is a sign, and that sign is [healing. ]{.class-0}Any one that has that gift can put his hands on a man, and that man will get up. If you have the gift, you can do it.

You say, "Have you ever met a man who had the gift?" No, sir, I never have. You say, "Have you ever met a man who professed to have the gift?" Yes, I have. These fellows say, "I want to give all of the glory to God. It isn't I that does the healing; it is the Lord through me. I felt this power go down my right arm. I was a little boy with polio, and one day my mother prayed for me. I realized I had the power to\...." Oh, you big liar, shut your mouth!

Let me tell you something. If God gave me the gift of healing, I wouldn't be preaching in a church on Sunday! I'd be down at Baptist Hospital and Sacred Heart Hospital. Why waste your time in a church if you have a gift like that? Think of the people you could lead to Christ with that thing. Think of the Christians you could heal with that thing!

What would you be doing in a church? What would you be doing going up and down the country with a van and a big tent? ["Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever"]{.class-2}!

Hey, son, there is a cancer ward down there at the Baptist Hospital. There is a cancer ward over at West Florida Hospital and University Hospital. Get where you belong, man! Why take your gift and bury it in the ground? If you have talent, why not use it? Why, if I had the gift to lay hands on people, do you think that I'd worry about having enough money to get these books published? Are you kidding? If I had the gift of healing people, I'd go down to Tampa, St. Petersburg, and Orlando, where all those Yankees go down there to die. I'd go to about five of the hospitals and put my hands on about fifteen millionaires. I'd have more money than I knew what to do with in less than twenty-four hours. A fellow says, "Well, you'd do that, but [they ]{.class-0}wouldn't." Oh, go on! Go on! Did you ever go to a healing meeting and watch those offerings? They must not have any faith. The fellow on the radio spends all of his time trying to drum up faith to get your money. He ought to keep his mouth shut and trust God to supply the money. It is rough when the guy [listening to the radio program ]{.class-0}has more faith than the guy [on the program.]{.class-0}

I went to one of A. A. Allen's meetings once while he was still alive. That poor, old boy died drunk. The autopsy revealed chronic alcoholism, and his heart was full of alcohol---he was living off goof‑balls and pills. I don't say that gloating; that is a tragedy. That old fellow died about fifty-five years old, drunk, and going up and down the country telling people how to get "free from sin." He was telling folks how to have "God bless you and answer your prayers." Man, what a pity!

I got to the meeting and heard the guy preach. He didn't get to preaching for the first hour and a half. The first hour and a half was for the [offering and collection. ]{.class-0}First, he took up a collection for the [song books. ]{.class-0}He then took up one for the [songleader, ]{.class-0}followed by one for the [truck. I ]{.class-0}knew he'd get around to taking up a collection for the meeting after a while, but he kept on going. Then he said, "Now, if you're oppressed by the [demon of poverty, ]{.class-0}come down and let me pray for you." (That was something new to me; I figured I probably had it!) He said, "Come down here," and a whole bunch of people went down to be prayed for in order to be free from the "demon of poverty." Do you know what happened when they got down front? He hit them up for another offering and got every dime they had!

They'd come down, and he'd say, "Are you poor?"

They would answer, "Yes."

"Do you want to get rich?"

"Yes."

"Do you believe God can make you rich?"

"Yes."

"Show God that you mean business and turn loose of your faith!"

"Amen, glory to God!"

"Show God you mean business by putting it in the plate."

Do you know what you have here in Pensacola? You have a radio station that puts out thirty‑five of those programs every day! They'll say on those broadcasts, "Have faith; release your faith!" What that means is[---put your money in this program.]{.class-0}

I've been preaching on the radio in this town for about twenty‑five years, and you've never heard me open my mouth one time on that radio about one dime, directly or indirectly, on four different stations. You say, "Why not?" Because I have faith to believe that if God wants it on, He'll keep it on, and if He doesn't want it on, He'll get it off. The idea of a guy getting on there and talking about "faith, faith, faith," and he doesn't [even have enough faith to believe God will keep him on the air. ]{.class-0}Isn't that something?

Look at the passage. They will lay on hands, and the sick shall recover. These fellows come through town and lay hands on the sick, but the sick don't recover. Take my colored maid, Evelyn, for instance. She has been working for me for about twenty years. She is saved, loves the Lord, and believes the Book. When she returns from hearing Brannam and some of those other folks who have been through here, she says, "Lawsse me, Dr. Ruckman, that man down there ain't healin' nobody\...He just [hypnotizin' ´em!" ]{.class-0}I thought to myself, "Some colored folks have more sense than some white folks." She said, "Why, Brother Ruckman, them people down there are giving him their pensions, their paycheck, and all that business. My neighbor got her hand all bent over, and she go down there and come back and say her hand is healed. Her hand ain't healed; it look just like it did before!" Well, they got that sister thinking her hand is straightened out, and it isn't even straight.

I'm not going to pull any punches with you. If you have a favorite healer that you think is just tops, Terrel, T. L. Osborne, or one of those fellows, I'll level with you. Old Kathryn Kuhlman got sick, and do you know what she did? She went out to Tulsa, Oklahoma. Do you know who is in Tulsa? Oral Roberts and T. L. Osborne are there. Do you know where she went when she got to Tulsa? [She checked into the Baptist Hospital. ]{.class-0}Now, isn't that something? The three greatest healers in America and [none of them could heal each other ]{.class-0}Unfortunately, she died; evidently, she went to the wrong place.

Take that kind of thing there. Old Ewing came through here a couple of years back, and I went down to see him. Do you know why I go down there to see things like that? I go for a laugh. I go down and laugh and have a good time. Of course, you have to be careful; they have [bouncers ]{.class-0}there. If they look around and see a well‑dressed guy with a Bible, they know that he is an [enemy ]{.class-0}of the truth. So when you go, get into some sloppy clothes and don't carry a Bible with you. They're not interested in believing that Book; they're just interested in [using it. ]{.class-0}Did you hear what I just said? I just said a mouth full!

I'll go into those meetings and get to laughing. They think I'm laughing [with ]{.class-0}them; I'm laughing [at ]{.class-0}them. They call it the "holy laugh." If they knew what I was thinking, they wouldn't think I was so holy.

There is nothing funnier to me than to watch a woman Holiness preacher preach. I like to watch her shake her head around, scream, and pound the pulpit. That is the funniest thing.

I was down at a tent meeting one night, and a woman preacher was up there saying, "Ah, bless you, Jesus. Ah, glory to God." She had a voice like a thirty‑year Navy man. At that meeting, they finally said, "All right, we have a brother here who has a demon, and we're going to cast the demon out of him. If you want to see us cast the demon out of him, come on up here." I went down there. I mean, sure, I can pray anywhere. I went down front and stood in line with them. There were two big guys standing beside the one with the demon. They all got to praying, and I got to praying too. I was praying for my family and church. I looked out of the comer of my eye---you know, the Bible says, "watch and pray"---and the healer got up and said, "In the name of Jesus Christ, be healed! Come out of there you unclean spirit!" The guy fell to the floor, wallowing, foaming, lying on the floor, kicking his legs. However, the guy didn't fall; they[ ]{.class-2}[tripped ]{.class-0}him.[ I saw them do it! ]{.class-0}The two big guys on his sides [tripped ]{.class-0}him. What a phony mess, man! People standing around there thought the demons cast the guy to the floor; they didn't cast him down. You get two big guys six feet tall to knock your legs out from under you, [and they'll put you flat on your back.]{.class-0}

I went down to a meeting once (I forget who it was---Ewing or one of those fellows). The guy who was preaching said, "If you want to see someone get healed, come down here." I went down. This guy came down with his eyes crossed, and they said, "Be healed." His eyes straightened up. I mean, [he could have been cross‑eyed, ]{.class-0}but what a thing, man!

Now, you know, all of this stuff is really funny, but if you were really sick, it wouldn't be funny at all. I'm going to level with you. I'm going to be as brutal as I can, and if you don't like it, I guess you'll have to lump it. I'll tell you what I think after watching this thing for years. I think the meanest, most rotten devil that ever lived is a man that will [take advantage of your infirmity to get your money. ]{.class-0}Someone who'll build your hope up just to get your money: there isn't a meaner, more rotten, low‑down devil! If you see him, tell him I said so. He knows where I live, and if he doesn't, he can find out.

I have a friend named John Hall. John Hall was a wheelchair case. He was shot in the Korean War and laid out in the field for two days. It was a tracer bullet that went through his hip and cut his backbone, and it cauterized the wound as it went through, so it wasn't infected. They finally found him, and he was sent back to the States. He is alive today and in a wheelchair. He came to school here for a few months and finally went back up north. That old boy came to me in his wheelchair one day crying and said, "Brother Pete, I don't know what to do. I don't want to keep taking these pills. I'm hurting so badly I can hardly stand it, and I can't sleep at night unless I take these pills. I'm getting to be a regular dope addict, and I don't want to sin against the Lord. I know my body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, but I can't sleep at night. I'm hurting all of the time, and I don't know what to do. Would you tell me what to do?"

Now, listen, when people come to you like that, you'd better watch your step. You may know where the verses are, but you'd better be slow to pull them. You hadn't better step in too quickly. It is one thing for you to tell that guy what to do; I could have told him, for I knew where those verses were. Here I am, though, sitting in front of him, able to play soccer, tennis, football, and golf, and all of that mess. Here I am, talking to a man who has been in a wheelchair for ten years and will never get out of it. You'd better be careful.

Some of you think that it is such an easy job to preach and that preachers are overpaid. Maybe the Lord will call you and put you into that kind of business, and we'll see how you do for a while. I talked with John for a while.

I don't suppose I gave him very good advice. I spent most of the time crying with him. I figure that if you cry with a fellow like that, you'll probably do more good than anything else. ["Weep with them that weep." "Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them" ]{.class-2}(Rom. 12:15; Heb.13:3).

John Hall used to go to healing meetings. He'd sit there, and he knew they were fakers. I noticed one night during the invitation at a healing meeting that he was sitting there trembling and kind of shaking. After we left that night, I knew he was going to say something. He said, "Pete, I don't want to go to healing meetings anymore." I said, "O.K., we won't." He said, "I know it's fake, and I know those guys are lying; but, you know, when they start singing 'Only Believe, Only Believe,' and start working that thing up, every inch of muscle in me [wants to get up out of that chair."]{.class-0}

There is that devil up in that pulpit putting it to him. Why, you dirty, low‑down, rotten, sneaky, mean rascal, you!

We had a fellow that came to school here years ago whose name was Nathan Bemis. I wish everyone could meet Nathan Bemis. He spelled Bible "BIBUL," failed the second grade, never finished the sixth grade, and ran away to join the Navy. When he was saved, he became a really sweet character and a soul winner. He loved the Lord and was one of the best students we ever had. He worked; he'd just work himself silly. He has a good church up in the Northwest now. Old Nathan studied Greek and flunked it twice. He kept at it, though, until he got it. Nathan was not very bright book‑wise, but he had a lot of wisdom in dealing with people.

I saw him downtown on the street one time, and a guy was giving him a hard time about hell not being literal fire. Nathan said, "Why, sure it's literal fire." The guy said, "What do you mean it is literal fire?" Bemis said, "Do you have a cigarette lighter?" "Yes," he responded. The fellow took out the lighter, and Nathan took his hand and burned it with the lighter. Nathan said, "Like that." Now, I'll bet that fellow never did forget that. It was an interesting object lesson.

One time a fellow named Ewing came through town and got all of these poor colored people's money. (I went down Hollywood Boulevard and through Beverly Hills about ten years ago and went by Ewing's house. He bought Dean Martin's old house out there. You know, high on the hog and low on the chicken!) Ewing came through Pensacola, and Nathan went to see him. He caught Ewing after the service one night and asked him, "Was Paul ever sick?" Ewing answered, "Yes, he was sick." Bemis asked, "Did he ever get well?" Ewing said, "Yes, he got well." Bemis said, "Would you show me that in the Bible?" Ewing said, "You come back tomorrow night, and I'm going to preach about that tomorrow night." Nathan took out his New Testament and said, "I'll take it tonight if you'll just show it to me." Ewing said, "You come back tomorrow night." That dirty, lying, two‑faced rascal! It wasn't in there, and [he knew it wasn't in there!]{.class-0}

Nathan came back to me the next night, and he was all upset. He is a tender soul. (I just take for granted that Ewing is a crook and scratch him off!) Nathan was all upset and said, "Brother Pete, that fellow is deceiving people." I said, "That's how the snow blows." Nathan said, "Yeah, but that fellow is a wicked man. He is taking their money." I said, "Well, you know, that's how it goes." He then said, "We ought to be praying for that preacher." I said, "O.K., if you want to get to praying, pray." (I didn't figure it would do any good.) Well, he and another fellow got to praying, and the next night, Ewing was down there preaching when a colored lady came down front, had a heart attack, and dropped dead. [She dropped dead right in the healing line. ]{.class-0}They almost had a riot down there. They called out the police and ran him out of town. He left town saying that the people in Pensacola persecuted him and "didn't have the faith." The woman dropped dead in the healing line! What do you mean ["Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever"]{.class-2}?[ ]{.class-2}Why, listen, man, [no one in that Bible could die when He was within fifty feet of them. ]{.class-0}You've never read one case of anyone dying in the presence of Jesus Christ. [The dying thief couldn't die until Christ was dead. ]{.class-0}If Christ's presence was there, that lady couldn't have died. "Be healed!"---flop! What a mess, man!

Now, you take that mess right there, it is sinful; it's wrong. You find me one man in this country who says he has the gift of healing and can lay hands on the sick so that they'll recover, and I can make a liar out of him in one afternoon. All I have to say is, "O.K., boy, let's go down to the cancer ward." [He won't go!]{.class-0}

Don't you know how easy it is to get into that racket? Now, you preachers, I hope you don't ever get into that racket, but if you want to, I'll show you how. Do you know what to do? You go out and get a church and find one of your members that is sick. You go to the hospital and pray for them. They get well. You get up and say, "Bless God, I laid my hands on her, and she is here to testify." She jumps up and says, "Well, glory to God, hallelujah! Brother So‑and‑so came to see me the other day in the hospital, laid hands on me, and I'm healed." "Now if you got healed listening to this broadcast, write in your testimony." You know, 2,000 people listen to it, and one of them is healed. They write in and say, "I was listening to your broadcast, and suddenly, I felt the Holy Spirit come over me, and I was healed." That's all you have to do. Collect a bunch of letters, and then start mailing out pieces of the tablecloth from the Last Supper and a piece of a jar that Martha dropped while waiting on Mary. Start putting out stuff around the country, and pretty soon, you'll be a healer.

How many of you have been in a hospital, a Baptist preacher prayed for you, and you were healed? You have people like that everywhere, and somewhere there are some Baptist preachers who didn't get credit for that!

Why, if you got healed in a healing line, how would you know it was the [healer]{.class-0}?[ ]{.class-0}How would you know it wasn't your [mother ]{.class-0}or [father ]{.class-0}praying for you?

They say, "Put your hand on the radio for a point of contact." Bob Gray said, "Put your hand in the back of the radio for a point of contact."

Now, take your Bible and turn to Acts 2. (That was the [introduction]{.class-0};[ ]{.class-0}here's the [message]{.class-0}.)[ ]{.class-0}Now we're ready for Acts 2. You see, they tried to shove you in there too quickly. Mark 16 says, ["And these signs shall follow them that believe\...." ]{.class-2}The signs followed the apostles. The Lord was working with them ["with signs following."]{.class-2}

I was up there in Rochester, New York, a couple of years back in the home of a Christian who had recently been saved. He said that he hadn't been saved but for a few weeks when a charismatic came in there, got down in front of him, and began to "Hasta la shandai untie a bowtie." When he was finished and stood up, the young Christian said, "What is your authority for all of that mess?" The charismatic answered, "Mark 16." The young Christian turned to Mark 16 and said, "Where does it say it?" The fellow said, "Well in Mark 16, it says, 'And they shall speak with other tongues'." This friend of mine got up and went into the kitchen. He got into the cupboard and brought back some ammonia. He gave it to the charismatic and said, "Drink it!" The fellow said, "Oh, no, I'm not going to drink that." My friend said, "In Mark 16, it said, 'If they drink any deadly thing it won't hurt them'." The guy said, "Oh, but that would be tempting the Lord." My friend said, "How do you know you are not tempting the Lord with that stuff [there if you don't even know what you're saying?"]{.class-0}

People do have a time of it, don't they?

Here in town, we had a fellow I went to school with named Sumerall. When he started out, he started out as a Baptist, then slipped over to nothing for a while. One day one of my church members was out in the backyard next to his house and saw his wife walking up and down the yard with a piece of paper in her hands. She was reading, "Hasta la shandai" and all of that stuff. My church member asked, "What are you doing?" She answered, "I'm [practicing ]{.class-0}my tongues. If you don't use a gift, you might lose it."

Ah, go soak your head in a bucket of water.

The very idea of a lying, cheating, stealing, fraudulent phony like that! Then they give you all of that junk about maybe losing it. Ah, your foot, sister! She was memorizing that stuff so that if you put her on the spot and said, "Let me hear you speak in tongues," [she could say what she had memorized.]{.class-0}

Fraud, fraud, fraud!

Do you know why some of you folks don't feel that way about it? It is because you are as crooked as they are! If you were straight, you'd know something crooked when you saw it.

They are always picking on some [new ]{.class-0}Christian.

Now, take Acts 2 and look at that thing. They were all in one place [kneeling. ]{.class-0}Were they [kneeling? ]{.class-0}No, they weren't kneeling. They were all sitting in one place [praying, ]{.class-0}right? No, they weren't [praying]{.class-0}. Who's giving you that stuff? Who told you that those people were [kneeling and praying for the Holy Ghost]{.class-0}? No one is kneeling, and no one is praying.

["And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind." ]{.class-2}[That ]{.class-0}is the initial evidence that the baptism of the Holy Ghost is [not tongues]{.class-0}: it is wind. Isn't that something! A guy says, "Well, it's the initial evidence to talk in tongues." No, it is not\![ It is a wind!]{.class-0} I guess most of the time it is hot air!

Look at verses 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10. In verse 8, the Bible says, ["And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?" ]{.class-2}There isn't an [unknown tongue ]{.class-0}in the passage. They are [foreign languages]{.class-0}.

Do you know what those rascals will do? They'll take 1 Corinthians 14 ("unknown tongues") and put it into Acts 2. They'll tell you that the Baptism of the Spirit (Acts 2) is 1 Corinthians 14. [There aren't any unknown tongues in Acts 2]{.class-0}. I'll give you \$ 100,000 at 9:00 tonight if you can find a tongue in Acts 2 that someone didn't know. Just help yourself. They are foreign languages!

I was going down the street here in Pensacola one day when a medical doctor stopped me. He was a very pious soul, always connected with this interdenominational John R. Rice stuff. He came up beside me and said, "Do you have the initial evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost to talk in other tongues?" I said, "I sure do. I thank God that I talk with more tongues than you all." I threw a bunch of German, Spanish, French, and Japanese at him, and he didn't know where he was. When I finished, he said, "But you weren't in the Spirit." I said, "Brother, if I'm not in the Spirit, I'm not saved. The Bible says that 'if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his'." He said, "You've committed the unpardonable sin!" I said, "Ah, nuts!"

Who are you trying to kid, anyway, man? When you know that Book, all of that stuff is just too funny for words. Do you know the reason that some of you folks are so sober right now? It is because you don't know enough about that Book to tell the front end from the back end. Amen, amen, amen!

You know, I made up my mind that if they ever pulled that stuff on me again, I'd get them. I got them one night. My wife and I were driving back from San Antonio about 3 A.M. during the gas rationing. You had to get gas anywhere you could. As we came through Louisiana and pulled into a gas station, a bunch of hippies pulled in ("Jesus people," "God's children"). They had their guitars and probably their "pot" too. When they stopped, I got out to give them some tracts. I gave a seventeen-year-old girl a tract, and she said, "Oh, are you a Christian?" I said, "Yes, I am." She said, "Do you speak with other tongues?" I said, "Yes, I do. Ali ecu bisa mahal tutuberishith bara weiss nichts was soll es bedeuten ikanga deska canta no Ilores." (This was further illustrated by a display of body shaking and jerking.) I put it on them, man! When I did that, she was clapping her hands and saying, "He's got it! He's got it!" Isn't that pitiful? Think of a high school girl with no more sense than that. Why, you have a bunch of people that have been watching television for so long that they'll believe any kind of a show.

I was downtown talking to one of those fellows one day who was rejecting the word, and I said, "You're of your father the devil." He said, "You couldn't really be a Christian and talk [that ]{.class-0}way. You can quote the word, but it isn't real to you." Do you know what he meant? He meant that I didn't really believe what I was saying. Now, if I had taken that two‑eyed, two‑faced sap‑head and effeminately said, "Ah, the Bible says that he that is of God heareth His word, and you hear them not because you are not of God," then that dumb, stupid fool would have thought that I believed what I was saying! You have a generation of folks that are just as crazy as a March Hare! They think that when you talk straight to them that you are [lying, ]{.class-0}and when you're kidding that you are [telling the truth. ]{.class-0}Boy, you have to be crooked to think like that.

Look across to Acts 10. Do you know what I'm giving you here? I'm giving you all of the places in the Bible where anyone spoke in tongues. They are Acts 2, 10, and 19. There isn't anywhere else in the Bible where it is recorded that anyone else spoke in tongues other than Acts 2, 10, and 19. In Acts 2, it is a sign to an unbelieving Jew who doesn't believe that Jesus Christ is the Messiah. In Acts 10, it is a sign to Jews who don't believe that Gentiles can get the Holy Spirit.

Look at Acts 10:44--47: ["While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost. For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter, Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?"]{.class-2}

That bunch stood around there and saw the Holy Spirit poured out on those Gentiles. The Holy Spirit was given there, and they talked in tongues [because those Jews didn't believe that a Gentile could get the Holy Ghost without Jewish water baptism. ]{.class-0}In Acts 10, that bunch gets the Holy Ghost before they are baptized. Look at the last few verses in Acts 10. They don't get baptized in water until [after ]{.class-0}they are saved and [after ]{.class-0}they have received the Holy Ghost.

Turn to Acts 19:1--8. Notice that Paul has met a group of Apollos' disciples and has asked them if they know anything about the Holy Ghost. They hadn't heard anything about the Holy Ghost. He then asked, ["Unto what then were ye baptized?" ]{.class-2}They answered, ["Unto John's baptism." ]{.class-2}Paul said, ["John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus." ]{.class-2}He preaches Christ to them; they believe in Christ and are baptized, and they talk in tongues.

[Why do they talk in tongues? ]{.class-0}It is a sign to unbelieving Jews. Acts 19 says ["synagogue"]{.class-2} in verse 8, that is, a bunch of Jews. ["The Jews require a sign."]{.class-2} ["TONGUES ARE FOR A SIGN"! ]{.class-2}Not one time is it ever for a [Christian!]{.class-0} Not one time is it ever for a Gentile. Every time that the thing shows up, it is a sign for an unbelieving Jew.

Now, take your Bible, and we'll look at the end of this matter. Turn to 2 Corinthians 12:12, and we'll see the counterfeit sign. (You're going to get this if it kills me and you both!) Those signs are Jewish signs given to Jewish apostles for Jews.

["Truly the signs of an apostle\..." ]{.class-2}(2 Cor. 12:12). Those are apostolic signs. So if a fellow wants to counterfeit the apostolic church, he'll counterfeit the signs.

Now listen, brethren, there are only two groups of people in America that are trying to make you think that they're the final authority instead of [the word of God]{.class-0}. One claims that they are apostolic because they have the [apostolic signs]{.class-0}, and the other bunch claims that they are apostolic because they claim that their church is [built on the apostle Peter]{.class-0}. That's why those two groups go right together. Both of them are trying to counterfeit [apostolic authority ]{.class-0}and get you out of that Book. They say, "Listen to us because we're [from the apostles]{.class-0}!"

Take your Bible and turn to 1 Timothy 5:23. I'll show you one of the strangest things you've ever seen in your life. Get 1 Timothy 5:23 and 2 Timothy 4:20, and I'll show you that when the New Testament is over and the Book of Acts is over, those apostolic signs disappear and don't show up again. When those signs go, [the greatest apostle who ever lived doesn't even have those signs anymore.]{.class-0}

["Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities" ]{.class-2}(1 Timothy 5:23). What is [that]{.class-0}? Do you know what that is? That's Paul telling Timothy to take a little medicine when he has a stomachache. [How come he didn't heal him? ]{.class-0}Brother, do you realize that Paul could heal people by handkerchiefs and aprons?! Do you realize that Paul could raise dead people like he raised Eutychus?! Do you realize that Paul could heal a fellow by looking at him and talking to him?! He perceived that the man had faith to be healed and said, ["Stand upright on thy feet." ]{.class-2}[He couldn't heal his buddy Timothy at the end of the Book of Acts.]{.class-0}

Turn to 2 Timothy 4:20. ["Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick." ]{.class-2}What's the trouble? Couldn't he heal him? [Didn't Trophimus have any faith?]{.class-0}

Why, at the end of the Book of Acts, Paul can't get out of jail. In Acts 16, he prays himself through an earthquake, and he can't get out of jail in Acts 28.

Listen, if God wants to heal you, He can heal you, but He may not. It doesn't mean that you are backslidden or out of fellowship with the Lord. That is a Satanic bunch of rascals that work on you like that. They make you think that every time you are sick there is something wrong [spiritually. ]{.class-0}That is not true all of the time. It might be true half of the time, but not all of the time.

Look at 2 Corinthians 12. There we find the greatest apostle who ever lived. Look at verse 2: ["I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven." ]{.class-2}Now, come down to about verses 6, 7, and 8. He says that there was given unto him a thorn in the flesh. Look at verse 10: ["Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities\...." ]{.class-2}Listen, that man could raise the dead, heal the sick, and pray his way out of jail but [he could not heal himself. ]{.class-0}He was sick all of his life and carried a physician with him all of his life---["Luke, the beloved physician,"]{.class-2} Colossians 4:14. When that bird died and got his head cut off in 2 Timothy 4:11, he said, ["Only Luke is with me." ]{.class-2}[He had a medical doctor with him the whole cotton‑picking trip!]{.class-0}

Do you know of a greater healer than Paul? I don't know of anyone who could heal people like Paul did. Paul could take a piece of handkerchief or apron and touch his body, mail it out, and someone would be healed by touching it. (I know some fellows that profess that, but I've never met one who could do it.)

Why couldn't Paul get healed? [The signs are used when God is dealing with Israel, and God is dealing with Israel in the Book of Acts. ]{.class-0}I didn't say that God couldn't heal him. I said that the gift of healing goes. Why? It is a sign. The gift of tongues goes. Why? ["TONGUES ARE FOR A SIGN!" ]{.class-2}Did you get that? If you have that, you'll have more than the faculty of any Christian university has access to. When they want to get rid of tongues, they run to 1 Corinthians 13---["When that which is perfect is come\..."]{.class-2}---and make the biggest mess you've ever seen.

You have a counterfeit. You always have a counterfeit of anything. Turn to 2 Thessalonians 2:9. If you read your Bible at all, you'll recognize the passage. The passage deals with the Antichrist. Read verses one through three in the passage and come down to verse nine, which is speaking about when the Antichrist comes. The Bible says that he comes with ["all power and signs and lying wonders." ]{.class-2}Look at it. When the Antichrist comes, he comes with lying wonders and signs. Did you see that? Signs, signs, signs! The Antichrist has the apostolic signs.

Turn to 2 Corinthians 11. (That is why I told you to use your Bible. People always think that when you talk along these lines, you're trying to pick a bone with somebody. They won't believe that Book!) Read 2 Corinthians 11:4. Do you see that? There is ["another Jesus" ]{.class-2}and ["another spirit" ]{.class-2}there. Read it. There is more than one Jesus, and there is more than one spirit.

Now look at verses thirteen through fifteen: ["For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ. And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works."]{.class-2}

Did you get that? Ministers---[HIS MINISTERS! ]{.class-2}Counterfeit! So in the last days before the Second Advent of the Lord Jesus Christ, you are going to have [counterfeit signs: ]{.class-0}people who claim to have apostolic signs, claim to be apostles, [but they are not apostles.]{.class-0}

Take your Bible and turn to Revelation 2. Revelation 2:2 says, ["\...and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:" ]{.class-2}What a thing to say, man! No wonder some of you don't like that Book.

A guy stands up and claims to be apostolic and to have apostolic power. The Lord told that intolerant church at Ephesus that they had tried the folks at Ephesus who said they were apostles and found that they weren't apostles: [they were liars.]{.class-0}

If a man tells you that he has the gift of tongues, ask him to talk a little bit for you. After he talks a while, ask him to interpret what he just said. If he says he can't interpret it, tell him that he'd better because the Bible says that if you talk in an unknown tongue, [pray that you can interpret. ]{.class-0}I could stand in front of you right now and say a bunch of stuff that you don't understand. No one would understand me. What I need to do is to pray for the ability to say what I just said in a language that you can understand.

Take your Bible and turn to 1 Corinthians 14, and we'll nail it down. [Now we are ready for tongues. ]{.class-0}That whole chapter is on tongues, and the term baptism doesn't occur one time in the chapter. I want you to look at that passage for a moment. I want you to see if you can find one place in the chapter where it says [baptism of the Holy Ghost. ]{.class-0}Take your time and look. Find one place in the chapter where it is mentioned. It isn't there! [Someone took Acts 2 and read it into this passage in order to mess you up.]{.class-0}

Someone might say, "Brother Ruckman, I was down by my bedside, and I just suddenly got to blubbering. I had this wonderful feeling that came over me." I know you can't tell all of the people some things, because they already have their mind made up that that Book is wrong and they are right. Listen, I don't deny your experience; perhaps you did go through that. I don't deny that some people had something happen to them when they got saved where they blubbered and you couldn't understand it. I don't deny that. I'm not saying that you are a liar about your experience. [I'm saying that you are a fool for trying to interpret that Bible in the light of your experience; you ought to interpret that experience in the light of the Bible.]{.class-0}

Do you know why this stuff about tongues is coming up with this last bunch of people? Over half of these young people were on [dope ]{.class-0}before they were saved. Dope will mess up your [central nervous system. ]{.class-0}Your [tongue ]{.class-0}is controlled by your central nervous system. When you are saved, it might be such an emotional shock or crisis or traumatic experience for you, that you lost control over those nerves which were blown and you went to pieces.

I don't deny that it happened. I never said that. But don't you go messing around with [that Book.]{.class-0}

Some of you were so shot before you were saved that if something like that didn't happen, you wouldn't know to this day whether or not you were saved. That has nothing to do with the subject at hand, however.

Let's look at 1 Corinthians 14 and finish it up. First Corinthians 14:27--28 says, ["If any man\...." ]{.class-2}Did you see that, ladies? Does any woman speak in tongues in your church? Look at verse 34. That woman is commanded to ["keep silence." ]{.class-2}Is that clear? Listen, that chapter is on [tongues. ]{.class-0}The chapter has nothing to do with business meetings. It doesn't say that when a woman comes to church that she has to keep her mouth shut. The Bible says, ["Let the redeemed of the ]{.class-2}[Lord ]{.class-4}[say so." ]{.class-2}It doesn't say that women are not to witness. The context of letting women keep silence in the church is TONGUES! ["And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home" ]{.class-2}(if they learn anything about tongues). How many of you ever heard a woman speak in tongues in the church? There certainly must be something unscriptural going on in this country. The Bible says, ["Let your women keep silence in the churches\...." ]{.class-2}Boy! Doesn't that make a Bible wreck of some people's religion? Man! That's a dangerous Book. We'd better revise it and get it in [plainer language ]{.class-0}so that folks can understand it! Ha! Ha!

Come back to verses 27 and 28. ["If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret. But if there be no interpreter," ]{.class-2}let him keep his cotton‑pickin' mouth shut (that's the original Greek)!

Do you know what he said? He said [only three, only one at a time, and only with an interpreter. ]{.class-0}How many of you have ever heard more than one person speak in tongues at the same time? That isn't what the Book says. They're "spiritual," huh? Look at verse 37: ["If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord." ]{.class-2}Don't go around telling everyone how spiritual and Spirit‑filled you are when you don't believe God and make a liar out of Him. Paul says in verse 37, if there is a spiritual man, let him acknowledge that the things which I just told you are ["the commandments of the Lord." ]{.class-2}Don't you talk about being spiritual and tell God, "Shut your mouth!" God told you to shut your mouth! Those are His commandments, and if you're [spiritual]{.class-0}, you'll go by them. Oh, those folks are so pious! You'd never mistake me for one of them.

As I came up to the platform one time, a lady said to me, "Oh, Brother Ruckman," (grabbing me by the hand) "we're just praying that God will just give you a baptism of the Holy Ghost, the love of God will fill your soul, and the sweet Spirit of Christ will just overflow you. Now, you don't understand, brother, but we just love you in the Lord, and if you don't mind\...blah, blah, blah." When she finished I held her hand a little bit longer so that she couldn't get away and said, "Thank you for that, Sister. I'm praying for you, too. I'm praying that maybe someday when you grow up to be a mature Christian, God will give you some of the really good gifts like He gave us." She became furious! Why, that dear soul lost her composure in about fifteen seconds. Listen, that Bible says that if any man is [spiritual]{.class-0}, he knows that those are the commandments of God.

Take you Bible and look at 1 Corinthians 14:19--20. Do you realize that in this short period of time, I've already done more for you than all of the Pentecostal preachers combined? I don't say that to brag. Read verses 19 and 20: ["I had rather speak five words with my understanding\...than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue." ]{.class-2}Then, I've done more for you as you've read this booklet than all of the Charismatics in town talking with their mumbo‑jumbo. Listen, any five of my words are worth ten thousand of the Charismatic's words. That's what gets folks upset. "Who does he think he is?" I think that I'm a man who believes the Book! Five words that I have said are better than ten thousand of what you can't understand.

The Bible says in 1 Corinthians 14:8, ["For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?" ]{.class-2}Do you know what he is trying to say? He is trying to say that if you don't understand what a man says, what good is it going to do?

When I was a young man years ago, we were going off to take the world by a storm. We went off to Officers Candidate School. We were going to show the world. They'd tell us, "Give your command clear. [Even if you give the wrong command, give it clear." ]{.class-0}They'd say, "Project your voice and breathe out when you give your command." Some of those fellows would try to project their voices. They would say, "Huh, huh, huh." You can say "march" much more easily by saying "harch." (We had a platoon commander at Fort Leavenworth that had so much air behind his commands that he'd just cough.)

Well, to make a long story short, we graduated and received our bars. The day we got our bars, our Drill Instructor got up and gave us one more example of how to give a command. He stood up and said, "Whatgumerip Whoward!" You've never seen anything like it---it was like ducks on a pond dodging lightning! One guy loosened his sling, another came to Inspection Arms, one fellow fell out, another guy adjusted his pack, and I think I came to Parade Rest. There must have been about eight different things going on there at the same time. When it settled down, he explained what he had said. The command he had given was, "Montgomery Ward!"

That has stuck with me for years. There isn't any point in getting up here and saying, "Oh, glory to God. Hasta la shan‑dai, blah, blah, blah\...." It isn't going to do you a bit of good. Listen, if doing something like that would get you saved, I'd be willing to do it. It isn't going to get you saved.

If you've been caught up in that mess, get out! For some of you, it will take courage to start believing that Book and to go on with God. Let God take care of you. I heard Bob Jones Sr. say once, "God will put the angels on half‑rations to feed a man that will try to win people to Christ." Try that instead of trying to talk Christians into blabbering gibberish.

Judge your emotional and spiritual experiences by the Book. It has never failed anyone; it will never fail you.