# The Two Raptures

[As all Bible believing students know, the three most difficult books in the New Testament (doctrinally speaking) are ]{.class-0}[Matthew, Acts, and Hebrews. ]{.class-1}[These are what we call "transitional books," where Bible doctrines are changing; a ]{.class-0}[progressive revelation]{.class-1}[ is taking place. Notice the record the Holy Spirit has left us regarding this matter (John 16:12--13 and Acts 26:16). We call this "progressive revelation." In Matthew, you are moving ]{.class-0}[doctrinally]{.class-1}[ from the Old Testament (Matt. 1--26) to the New Testament (Matt. 27; Heb. 9:15--17). In Acts, you are moving from Israel to the Church; in Hebrews, you are moving from the Church Age into Daniel's Seventieth week. (See the details in ]{.class-0}[The Bible Believer's Commentary on the Books of Matthew, Acts, and Hebrews. ]{.class-1}[Ruckman \[Pensacola: Bible Believers Press, 1970, 1974, and 1986\].)]{.class-0}

[The ]{.class-0}[perversion]{.class-1}[ of Progressive Revelation is the teaching that ]{.class-0}[extra-canonical literature ]{.class-1}[(]{.class-0}[The Book of Mormon]{.class-1}[ for example or the ]{.class-0}[Talmud]{.class-1}[ for example or Catholic Tradition for example) continues after the close of the New Testament canon, and it can reveal "truths" that are anti-scriptural and non-scriptural but should be accepted as\
"inspired."]{.class-0}

[The ]{.class-0}[truth]{.class-1}[ of Progressive Revelation is that God the Holy Spirit continues to reveal ]{.class-0}[new truths ]{.class-1}[from the canonical Scriptures century after century, and these truths ]{.class-0}[never contradict ]{.class-1}[the canonical Scriptures]{.class-0}[. ]{.class-1}[When we speak of "advanced revelations" coming from the ]{.class-0}[Authorized Version,]{.class-1}[ which obviously cannot be found in other translations (or any copies of Greek or Hebrew manuscripts), we are ]{.class-0}[always ]{.class-1}[speaking of the Holy Spirit]{.class-0}[']{.class-1}[s own choosing to work ]{.class-0}[through an English text ]{.class-1}[which contains the ]{.class-0}[canonical Scriptures. ]{.class-1}[We have never added ]{.class-0}[one ]{.class-1}[word to the accepted canon.]{.class-0}

[Notice how this procedure contrasts with the "earliest and best" Greek manuscripts (Aleph and B) used in the ]{.class-0}[NIV ]{.class-1}[and ]{.class-0}[NASV.]{.class-1}[ They contain ]{.class-0}[non-canonical books]{.class-1}[ in BOTH Testaments, given as part of the ]{.class-0}[original, INSPIRED]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[canon]{.class-1}[. Sinaiticus and Vaticanus (]{.class-0}[NASV ]{.class-1}[and ]{.class-0}[NIV]{.class-1}[) do ]{.class-0}[not ]{.class-1}[have the Apocryphal books ]{.class-0}[between]{.class-1}[ the Testaments where Luther and the ]{.class-0}[King James Bible]{.class-1}[ placed them; they have them interspersed ]{.class-0}[between ]{.class-1}[Genesis and Malachi. This may explain why no ]{.class-0}[NIV ]{.class-1}[or ]{.class-0}[NASV]{.class-1}[ advocate has ever found ]{.class-0}[one ]{.class-1}[advanced revelation of more than one hundred found in the ]{.class-0}[King James Bible.]{.class-1}

[The reason why the ]{.class-0}[NIV]{.class-1}[ and ]{.class-0}[NASV]{.class-1}[ didn't dare print their ]{.class-0}[own sources]{.class-1}[ is because that would notify the Body of Christ that their "two earliest and best" manuscripts (which they used for the ]{.class-0}[NASV]{.class-1}[ and the ]{.class-0}[NIV]{.class-1}[) were totally ]{.class-0}[corrupt. ]{.class-1}[So they were unable to translate and print their own manuscripts which they]{.class-0}[ used to correct the King James Text ]{.class-1}[in more than 30,000 places (5,000 in the New]{.class-0}[ ]{.class-1}[Testament ]{.class-0}[alone]{.class-1}[). This is the "]{.class-0}[scholarship]{.class-1}[" recommended by John Ankerberg, Bob Jones III, James White, Erwin Nestle, Kurt Aland, Bruce Metzger, and the Alexandrian Cult.]{.class-0}

[The Advanced Revelations which will constantly be found in a ]{.class-0}[King James Bible]{.class-1}[ have been ]{.class-0}[printed. Anyone]{.class-1}[ can obtain them, but no "godly, recognized, qualified authority" would dare tell you ]{.class-0}[where]{.class-1}[ to obtain them, nor would he dare ]{.class-0}[recommend ]{.class-1}[the books in which they are recorded. The reason for this is obvious. It would show him up as a]{.class-0}[ fraud and a dumbbell, ]{.class-1}[for it would prove that every correction he (and his peers and mentors) had made on the ]{.class-0}[AV]{.class-1}[ text (in 200 corrupt English translations published since 1885) were done simply to drag the reader down to his own level of STUPIDITY. He couldn't handle the English text of the Protestant Reformation. All he could find in it was the "fundamentals of the faith" or the "main doctrines of the Christian faith," etc. This would mean that he had missed somewhere between 100]{.class-0}[--]{.class-1}[300 ]{.class-0}[Scriptural TRUTHS]{.class-1}[ that he ]{.class-0}[could have found]{.class-1}[ if he had kept on ]{.class-0}[believing the Holy Bible.]{.class-1}[ He was ]{.class-0}[educated]{.class-1}[ out of his belief in it, and once that took place, God the Holy Spirit slammed the door to ]{.class-0}[enlightenment]{.class-1}[ in his face. From henceforth, the silly infidelic ass thought that any revelation that came from the ]{.class-0}[AV]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[Holy Bible]{.class-1}[, which he could]{.class-0}[ not understand,]{.class-1}[ was a "heresy."]{.class-0}

[This is the present spiritual condition of every man, woman, and child who is using an ]{.class-0}[NIV]{.class-1}[ or ]{.class-0}[NASV]{.class-1}[ (]{.class-0}[or RSV or NRSV or]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[CEV or NKJV]{.class-1}[) with which to "correct" the ]{.class-0}[Holy Bible.]{.class-1}[ It ]{.class-0}[is]{.class-1}[ (and ]{.class-0}[has been]{.class-1}[) the condition of every ]{.class-0}[scholar ]{.class-1}[who sat in on those revision committees, and it is the present]{.class-0}[ ]{.class-1}[condition of the faculties and staffs of 95% of the "recognized" Christian colleges, universities, and seminaries in America.]{.class-0}[ ]{.class-1}[Ignorance is bliss. Ignorance loves company. Ignorance produces ignorance. Time and time again, when studying the ridiculous "expositions" of Bible verses by men like Palmer, Fee, Gordon, Willmington, White, Shelton Smith, Curtis Hutson, Chuck Swindoll, Sumner, Kutilek, James Melton, Dave Hunt, Stewart Custer, F. F. Bruce, Bob Jones III, David Cloud, and John MacArthur, we are struck with the fact that we are dealing with Biblical ]{.class-0}[Illiterates.]{.class-1}

A perfect case would be the two raptures coming up: the Pre-tribulation Rapture (not Pre-Wrath) and the Post-tribulation Rapture (not Pre-Wrath). We will "git to 'em" shortly.

[For now, make a note: any Christian with an eighth grade education can find (in the universal language of the end time) a minimum of one hundred]{.class-0}[ Advanced Revelations ]{.class-1}[coming from the ]{.class-0}[AV ]{.class-1}[text of the Holy Bible, which no Hebrew scholar, no Bible revisor, no Greek scholar, no TV Evangelist, no chancellor or president of any seminary or university, or any promoter of the ]{.class-0}[NIV]{.class-1}[ or ]{.class-0}[NASV]{.class-1}[ has found (or could find) from ANY translation he recommended or "worked on" in Europe, England, or North America. That includes every one of those characters from 1800 to 1996.]{.class-0}

[The forbidden books are ]{.class-0}[The Bible Believer's Commentary on the Books of Genesis ]{.class-1}[(1995)]{.class-0}[, Exodus ]{.class-1}[(1996)]{.class-0}[, Job ]{.class-1}[(1993)]{.class-0}[, Proverbs ]{.class-1}[(1989)]{.class-0}[, Ecclesiastes ]{.class-1}[(1994)]{.class-0}[, Acts ]{.class-1}[(1974)]{.class-0}[, the Pastoral Epistles ]{.class-1}[(1989)]{.class-0}[, Hebrews ]{.class-1}[(1986)]{.class-0}[, and Revelation]{.class-1}[ (1988); and the following doctrinal studies: ]{.class-0}[Ruckman's Bible References ]{.class-1}[( 1997), ]{.class-0}[The Unknown Bible]{.class-1}[, and ]{.class-0}[Problem Texts ]{.class-1}[(Ruckman \[Pensacola: Bible Believers Press, 1984, 1980\]). The trick in the Alexandrian Cult is how to prevent a Christian from obtaining THOSE books. Those are books written by a ]{.class-0}[Bible believer]{.class-1}[ for ]{.class-0}[Bible-believing ]{.class-1}[Christians]{.class-0}[.]{.class-1}[ That is the last thing on earth the Scholars' Union (all of the men listed above, plus all those listed in ]{.class-0}[The Last Grenade]{.class-1}[ and ]{.class-0}[The Christian's Handbook of Biblical Scholarship. ]{.class-1}[Ruckman \[Pensacola: Bible Believers Press, 1990, 1988\]) would want ]{.class-0}[any]{.class-1}[ Bible believer to get his hands on.]{.class-0}

[The terms "Ruckmanite" and "Ruckmanism" were invented by the apostate faculty members in the Alexandrian centers of Christian "higher education" for the express purpose of making sure you never got hold of ]{.class-0}[one]{.class-1}[ of those books. They all insist (all 95%) that your Bible studies have to be written by ]{.class-0}[destructive Bible critics]{.class-1}[ who can convert you from belief ]{.class-0}[in the Holy Bible]{.class-1}[ (only), as your source of final authority, to belief in ]{.class-0}[Scholarship ]{.class-1}[(only) as your final authority. After all (\$\$\$), ]{.class-0}[that]{.class-1}[ is how they make their living (\$\$\$).]{.class-0}

[Now, let us look at a typical "Advanced Revelation" which Rosenthal (Pre-Wrath\...), Church (Prophecy in the Psalms), Kirban, Webber, Jimmy White, Dwight Pentecost, and the Irvingites (remember the little Scottish lassie?) couldn't find. This revelation will come from a ]{.class-0}[King James 1611 Authorized Version ]{.class-1}[(any edition from any year since 1611), and you should not fail to note the champions of the Textus Receptus (Farstad, Pickering, Hodges, Burgon, Hills, and Waite, et al.) could not find it in ANY set of Greek manuscripts from any "text types"; nor could any champion of the Catholic Jesuit Rheims text (Alexandrian) find it in any set of Greek copies of any "text type." At this point, you will find ALL "Scholarship Only" fanatics are totally bankrupt---including all of those Conservatives who ]{.class-0}[support and promote the NKJV ]{.class-1}[or the Textus Receptus or the "Majority Text."]{.class-0}

[Advanced revelations]{.class-1}[, apparently, cannot be found in ANY set of ]{.class-0}[Greek ]{.class-1}[manuscripts from anywhere. We have proved this over 100 times and will be glad to do it again. Naturally, our documented Scriptural evidence from the standard "canon" will have to be rejected as "heresy," or one of "Ruckman's peculiar teachings," for ]{.class-0}[that]{.class-1}[ has been the response to Biblical truth by every highly-educated Bible illiterate on earth since the days of Westcott and Hort (1881).]{.class-0}

[Some of these dunces are so loony, they think that God the Holy Spirit could not show any Christian anything except what ]{.class-0}[their own group]{.class-1}[ has found out. As Pastor Robinson (the Mayflower group) said:]{.class-0}

"[The Lutherans stopped with Luther and the Calvinists stopped with Calvin."]{.class-0}

[Yes, and in the Laodicean church, in the final apostasy, the ]{.class-0}[Baptists]{.class-1}[ stopped with B. H. Carroll, George Truett, John R. Rice, and Lee Roberson; and the ]{.class-0}[Premillennial Fundamentalists ]{.class-1}[stopped with C. I. Scofield, Pember, Larkin, and Lindsey.]{.class-0}

[God the Holy Spirit doesn't stop]{.class-0}[ anywhere ]{.class-1}[when it comes to revealing]{.class-0}[ truth.]{.class-1}[ He will reveal truths from the ]{.class-0}[King James]{.class-1}[ text right up to the Rapture, and then He will start revealing things through Moses and Elijah (Rev. 11) in the Tribulation via a ]{.class-0}[Hebrew Bible.]{.class-1}[ Greek will never pop up again. It is a ]{.class-0}[dead ]{.class-1}[language, and God the Holy Spirit has never fooled with it since He produced His own Philadelphia Church Bible (Rev. 3:8), that ]{.class-0}["kept"]{.class-3}[ His word. The ]{.class-0}["fulness of the Gentiles"]{.class-3}[ (Greeks and Romans: Rom. 11) is at hand;]{.class-0}[ ]{.class-3}[the ]{.class-0}["times of the Gentiles"]{.class-3}[ ended in 1918, so the only language that will survive 4,000--5,000 years of history will be HEBREW: Isaiah, chapter 2, Psalm 2, and Revelation chapter 20.]{.class-0}

From 1611 to 1997 (plus??), the source of revelation will be (and has been) ENGLISH. We will proceed to prove it for time No. 101 (or 120 or 130 or 150 or 190 or 200, I forget which). Buy the Commentaries and underline the verses.

[Here is what we call "The Rapture." The word is a Latin word, meaning "]{.class-0}[to seize something]{.class-1}[" or "]{.class-0}[snatch]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[something]{.class-1}[" or "]{.class-0}[transport something]{.class-1}[" suddenly "]{.class-0}[by force]{.class-1}[." Our words "RAPE" and "RAPT" come from this Latin root: also "RAPACIOUS."]{.class-0}

[Like the word "Trinity" or "Premillennial," the word does not appear in the Bible, but it clearly describes a Biblical event that will be ]{.class-0}[sudden, violent,]{.class-1}[ and "rapturous"; it will "dislocate one from the frame," to put it in "updated Koine." Someone is going to "trip" without goofballs. According to Jesus Christ, it will occur ]{.class-0}[before]{.class-1}[ the resurrection (John 11:25) and will include ]{.class-0}[living]{.class-1}[ believers (John 11:26) and ]{.class-0}[dead]{.class-1}[ believers (John 11:25). Mary, a good Postmillennial, Theonomic "Reconstructionist," didn't understand a word Jesus Christ said; ]{.class-0}[neither did 90% of the fakirs who produced the RV, NEB, RSV, NRSV, TEV, CEV, ASV, NASV, NIV, or NKJV. ]{.class-1}

[The ]{.class-0}[same ]{.class-1}[two classes (living and dead) are mentioned in 1 Corinthians; they are mentioned three times (1 Cor. 15:52--54). In Isaiah chapter 26, only]{.class-0}[ ONE class]{.class-1}[ is mentioned (Isa. 26:19). Job refers to himself as being in ]{.class-0}[this]{.class-1}[ class (Job 19:27), although Isaiah is speaking of Israel and Job is a Gentile speaking of seeing his ]{.class-0}["daysman"]{.class-3}[ (Job 9:33) ON EARTH (Job 19:25) ]{.class-0}[after]{.class-1}[ a resurrection.]{.class-0}

[Now notice that Job speaks of an ]{.class-0}[earthly]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}["redeemer" ]{.class-3}[standing on the ]{.class-0}[earth]{.class-1}[ (Job 19:25); not a ]{.class-0}[heavenly ]{.class-1}[King on a ]{.class-0}[heavenly throne, ]{.class-1}[reigning over a "spiritual kingdom" (Eph. 5:5; Ps. 110:1; Dan. 4:3; etc.). There is no EARTH for Job's Redeemer to stand on at the time the resurrection is supposed to take place (see Rev. 20:11--15). ]{.class-0}[The EARTH has vanished ]{.class-1}[(Prov. 20:8--9; Rev. 20:11).]{.class-0}

[Throughout the Old Testament, this hint of a Pre-resurrection "resurrection" is found. Read carefully Psalm 50:4--5 and Job 37:1--5 in conjunction with Isaiah 26:19--21. Note, especially, the ]{.class-0}["voice"]{.class-3}[ (Job 37) and the ]{.class-0}["thunder"]{.class-3}[ (Job 40) which accompanies it. Now turn to John 12:28--30 and see another advanced revelation, which ALL of the Greek scholars missed while they were messing around with "verbal inspiration," "THE Greek text," "the BEST Greek texts," and sidetracking you with baloney about "the Original Greek text" and the rest of their foolish NONSENSE.]{.class-0}

(Off to a flyin' start, ain't we?)

[Years ago, I saw a photo in ]{.class-0}[Mad Magazine ]{.class-1}[which reproduced one scene from a movie about World War II. It was in the cockpit of an American bomber. The pilot was wounded and bleeding, the top of the cockpit was riddled with bullet holes, and you could see through the window that one of the motors was on fire. The co-pilot is saying to the pilot, "Man if you think ]{.class-0}[this]{.class-1}[ is rough, wait till we get outta the hanger!" ]{.class-0}

[So before we get out of the hanger, let us push the whole Alexandrian Crew (Swindoll, Hodges, Jones, Custer, Panosian, MacArthur, Van Impe, Smith, Willmington, Hudson, Machen, Farstad, Pickering, Robertson, Kutilek, White, Wuest, Palmer, Gordon, Warfield, Barker, Fee, et al.) out of the emergency hatch. They died the day they graduated from ]{.class-0}[high school,]{.class-1}[ and we don't need a cargo plane of ]{.class-0}[corpses.]{.class-1}[ While we're "at it," let us also jettison ]{.class-0}[Hort's Greek Text, Nestle's Greek Text, the United Bible Societies Greek Text, ]{.class-1}[the Majority Greek text, Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Alexandrinus, Π]{.class-0}[ 66]{.class-6}[, Π]{.class-0}[ 75]{.class-6}[, Π]{.class-0}[ 45]{.class-6}[, and ]{.class-0}[Kittel's Theological Dictionary of the New Testament.]{.class-1}

[Now]{.class-1}[ we can learn something from the ]{.class-0}[Holy Bible]{.class-1}[!]{.class-0}

[1. In the Song of Solomon, Jesus Christ is calling for His Bride to ]{.class-0}["rise up\...and come away"]{.class-3}[ (Song of Sol. 2:10).]{.class-0}

[The setting is ]{.class-0}[May]{.class-1}[ (Pentecost) which is not within four months of the ]{.class-0}[Feasts of Trumpets]{.class-1}[ or the Feast of Tabernacles.]{.class-0}

[The ]{.class-0}["beloved"]{.class-3}[ in the Song of Solomon (Song of Sol. 2:10) is a GENTILE Bride, ]{.class-0}[not a Jewish Bride ]{.class-1}[(see Song of Sol. 1:5).]{.class-0}

[2. Every Bible expositor and prophetic teacher who confounded the Angel's trumpet (Matt. 24:31; Rev. 11:15) with GOD'S trump (1 Thess. 4:16; Rev. 4:1--2) located the rapture at the ]{.class-0}[Feast of Trumpets]{.class-1}[ in September--October. Blew it again, and I don't mean blew a "trumpet."]{.class-0}

[3. ]{.class-0}["The last TRUMP"]{.class-3}[ is ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ a trumpet. It is the last SOUND made ]{.class-0}[by a trumpet,]{.class-1}[ but in this case, it was God's ]{.class-0}[voice]{.class-1}[ (]{.class-0}["the TRUMP OF GOD"]{.class-3}[) speaking ]{.class-0}["AS"]{.class-3}[ a trumpet. John is careful to tell you that the ]{.class-0}["trump of God"]{.class-3}[ is not an actual ]{.class-0}[trumpet]{.class-1}[ but a ]{.class-0}["VOICE"]{.class-3}[ (see John 12:29; Job 37:1--5; Rev. 4:1--2) which sounds like two things: ]{.class-0}[Thunder and a Trumpet.]{.class-1}

[4. When this ]{.class-0}["trump"]{.class-3}[ is heard, ]{.class-0}[a voice]{.class-1}[ is heard (Song of Sol. 2:10), calling SHEEP home (John 10:3--4). No ]{.class-0}[voice ]{.class-1}[is heard]{.class-0}[ after ]{.class-1}[the seventh ]{.class-0}[Trumpet ]{.class-1}[of Revelation chapter 11, which was blown by an ANGEL, ]{.class-0}[not God.]{.class-1}

[It is ]{.class-0}["voices"]{.class-3}[ that are heard AFTER the seventh trumpet, ]{.class-0}[and they do not call anyone up anywhere]{.class-1}[; they announce that Jesus Christ is going to land "on earth" (Job 19:25) to take over the "Kingdoms of the world" (see Dan.2:35, 44--45).]{.class-0}

[5. However, there is a voice (a ]{.class-0}["great voice"]{.class-3}[) which does call someone UP ]{.class-0}[just BEFORE the seventh angel blows his trumpet. ]{.class-1}[This voice says ]{.class-0}["COME UP HITHER."]{.class-3}[ ]{.class-0}[That]{.class-1}[ is what John heard in Revelation 4:1. But this time, the ]{.class-0}[same voice]{.class-1}[ (speaking the ]{.class-0}[same words]{.class-1}[) is calling someone up at the END of Daniel's Seventieth week. The two men who are addressed directly are both JEWS: Moses and Elijah. They are caught up in a ]{.class-0}[Post-tribulation Rapture, ]{.class-1}[and I don't mean "Pre-Wrath."]{.class-0}

[Now, bless my soul, I have just given you more than FORTY references in the canonical Scriptures found in the ]{.class-0}[King James Version ]{.class-1}[(any edition in any century) which show conclusively that 99% of the Rapture literature and 99% of the Second Coming literature and 99% of the Great Tribulation literature ]{.class-0}[omitted three of the greatest New Testament prophetic Truths found in the entire Bible.]{.class-1}

[You can see now why we never waste much time dealing with these silly Christian babies---like the ones who produced the ]{.class-0}[NKJV, NIV, and NASV.]{.class-1}[ We lost them ]{.class-0}[six paragraphs back.]{.class-1}[ Their delicate little tummies are just too soft to digest ]{.class-0}["SOUND DOCTRINE" ]{.class-3}[(2 Tim. 4:3). All Laodicean Apostates get the "colic" when you turn that roaring Lion of the English Protestant Reformation loose on them. Even the babies who profess to ]{.class-0}[believe]{.class-1}[ that it is their "final authority" (Dave Cloud, Shelton Smith, Robert Sumner, and James Combs, for example) will not tolerate it---]{.class-0}[any verse in it]{.class-1}[---that exposes their ]{.class-0}[theological corruptness]{.class-1}[ or their monstrous ]{.class-0}[stupidity]{.class-1}[. They only believe the parts ]{.class-0}[that line up with what they have been taught.]{.class-1}

[They were never taught what you have just ]{.class-0}[read.]{.class-1}

[You have been reading a ]{.class-0}[King James Bible.]{.class-1}

[Nobody ever taught it to them. ]{.class-1}[Their teachers didn't believe it was The "Scriptures."]{.class-0}

[Therefore, everything the ]{.class-0}[AV]{.class-1}[ says (say, the last forty verses referred to) has to be distorted, twisted, lied about, changed, or ]{.class-0}[ignored]{.class-1}[ in order to prove that God the Holy Spirit revealed ]{.class-0}[nothing ]{.class-1}[through it.]{.class-0}

[Once the apostates admit that they ]{.class-0}[did]{.class-1}[, they will have confessed that they themselves have been ]{.class-0}[out of fellowship with ]{.class-1}[(and out of contact with) ]{.class-0}[the Holy Ghost.]{.class-1}

They would rather die and go to hell than admit or confess such a sin.

[This is the ghastly truth that lies hidden behind all of their blather about "Ruckmanism" and "Ruckmanites." These apostate Fundamentalists are up against a Book they cannot handle because they don't ]{.class-0}[understand it,]{.class-1}[ and they can't understand it because they don't ]{.class-0}[believe it.]{.class-1}[ But they have to USE it to pass off as Bible believers; they believe only in ]{.class-0}[themselves.]{.class-1}[ You might call their heresy "ME ONLYISM."]{.class-0}

[Now here are ]{.class-0}[two raptures]{.class-1}[: a "Pre" and a Post-Tribulation rapture. The "POST" is said to be "POST" in Matthew 24:29; so that is where many of the Premillennialists will break their theological necks: Matthew's Gospel. By doing what Calvin did---mistaking the ]{.class-0}["elect"]{.class-3}[ (Matt. 24:24) for the "elect" of Ephesians 1:5---they overlooked the "elect" to whom the passage was aimed (Isa. 45:4 and Isa. 65:9, 22 and Dan. 7:18, 21­--22, 25, 27) and ]{.class-0}[pretended]{.class-1}[ the ]{.class-0}["elect"]{.class-3}[ were Christians in the Body of Christ. ]{.class-0}[They cannot handle the Book.]{.class-1}[ They do ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ obey 2 Timothy 2:15, and they do not obey 2 Timothy 1:13 nor John 5:39. With Matthew 25:1, right in front of their noses (following Matt. 24), they insist that a bunch of ]{.class-0}["virgins"]{.class-3}[ are going to ]{.class-0}[marry Christ]{.class-1}[ after being told His Bride was ]{.class-0}[ONE ]{.class-1}["chaste virgin"]{.class-3}[ (2 Cor. 11:2), the ]{.class-0}["ONLY ONE of her mother"]{.class-3}[ (Song of Sol. 6:9). If that weren't enough, the Holy Spirit told them in Matthew chapter 25 that ]{.class-0}[none]{.class-1}[ of the virgins in the chapter married ]{.class-0}[anybody.]{.class-1}[ They were called out to ]{.class-0}["MEET"]{.class-3}[ somebody (Matt. 25:1). And if that were not enough, the Lord finished the entire chapter (Matt. 25) with a WORKS salvation set up (vss. 35--40) where the Gospel Paul preached (Gal. 1) was not even a FACTOR in keeping sinners out of ]{.class-0}["everlasting fire"]{.class-3}[ (Matt. 25:41).]{.class-0}

[But no amount of ]{.class-0}[Scripture]{.class-1}[ in plain English---"the King's English"---will ever dent the stupid, irresponsible, egotistical, Bible-perverting hides of the flaming ignorance of these apostate Fundamentalists and apostate Conservatives. They are infected with an incurable theological disease. They contracted it in a ]{.class-0}[school]{.class-1}[. ]{.class-0}

Now, look up the following verses and notice the context for every verse. Revelation 6:16; Revelation 14:14; Matthew 24:30; and Revelation 1:7, 10. Not ONE of those passages matches the Second Advent as described in Revelation 19:11--15; Isaiah 63:1--6; Joel 2:1--3; Judges 5:1--20; or Habakkuk 3:3--14.

[And understand something; make sure you get it right. To the men mentioned above (plus their peers, mentors, supporters, and followers) such Scriptural studies, in the Scriptures, mean nothing at all. ]{.class-0}[Their interests]{.class-1}[ lie in supporting only certain institutions, increasing income, or attendance and enrollment, selling books, buying TV time, upholding the traditions of the Alexandrian Cult, and magnifying Scholarship as the final authority for the child of God. They do ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ love the Book even when they USE it; so the things in it that will not help them "build" their ministries or improve their standard of living or earn them the reputation of being "godly scholars" are considered to be of no importance whatsoever.]{.class-0}

[In view of that ]{.class-0}[absolute truth]{.class-1}[, we will continue to print Advanced Revelations without their approval, approbation, support, encouragement, permission, criticisms, suggestions, opposition, resources, or knowledge.]{.class-0}

Somebody sees Jesus Christ at the end of the Tribulation BEFORE He arrives at Armageddon with His divine "cavalry" (Rev. 19).

The requirements for the "elect" SEEING this Post-Tribulation "appearance" are:

[1. ]{.class-0}[Purity of Heart ]{.class-1}[(Matt 5:8).]{.class-0}

[2. ]{.class-0}[Holiness]{.class-1}[ (Heb. 12:14).]{.class-0}

[3. And ]{.class-0}[watchful waiting ]{.class-1}[(Heb. 9:28). ]{.class-0}

[Hebrews, Acts, and Matthew: that is where apostates break their theological necks. There is a ]{.class-0}[Split Rapture]{.class-1}[ (Matt. 25:7--13) at that time. This is the rapture that modern Charismatics mistake for the Rapture of the Church. Hence, scores of books (written by them) keep trying to make it apply to a "purified" group of Christians "worthy" of getting "caught up," while the rest of the Body of Christ (mainly Baptists, I suppose) will have to stay on earth and go through the Tribulation. I have read a dozen of these books. Only the ultra-separated, tongues-speaking, healing, "apostolic," holy Charismatics are going to get "caught up." Rosenthal goes into the same rat's nest, dragging the Body of Christ through more than a year of the Great Tribulation---exposed to taking the Mark of the Beast (Rev. 14:9--10!!!) because that poor Biblical illiterate thought the "Day of the Lord" was only a reference to the Second Advent ]{.class-0}[at the end of the Tribulation]{.class-1}[. ]{.class-0}["That day,"]{.class-3}[ in the Prophets, is applied to the birth of Christ (Isa. 2:12, 4:2, 7:14, 18), the attack of Sennacherib (Isa. 10:5--20), the defeat of Babylon by Persia (Jer. 50, 51), the Millennium (2 Pet. 3:8), and the White Throne Judgment (2 Pet. 3:10). Poor ole' Rosenthal got so screwed up in Matthew that he knocked out the whole millennial reign of Christ (Rev. 20:1--6), the imprisonment of Satan (Rev. 20:1--2), the attack of Gog and Magog (Rev. 20:8), and the time that the dead stayed dead (Rev. 20:5) ]{.class-0}[before]{.class-1}[ the Judgment. He took 2 Peter 3:10 and applied it to the BEGINNING OF THE MILLENNIUM, because it said ]{.class-0}["The day of the Lord,"]{.class-3}[ and he had already limited that expression to refer to the events of Revelation chapters 16--19 ]{.class-0}[just before the Millennium started. ]{.class-1}[He wound up with ]{.class-0}[no millennium;]{.class-1}[ he was an Amillennialist. Armageddon ran right into the White Throne Judgment.]{.class-0}

[If that weren't as fouled up as a Chinese Fire drill could get, Rosenthal has the Bride of Christ being caught up to a marriage where she had to go through the Judgment Seat of Christ and a marriage ceremony and then get mounted for battle (Rev. 19), in less than a year, with NO ONE BUT HER ]{.class-0}[being caught up at the end of the tribulation.]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[Moses and Elijah were]{.class-1}[ caught up (Rev. 11:12); they were not in the Bride. That isn't all: ]{.class-0}[144,000 Jews]{.class-1}[ show up in the Third Heaven around the throne in Revelation 14:1--4 who were on earth ]{.class-0}[before the tribulation started]{.class-1}[ (see Rev. 7:3--4), and THEY weren't in the Bride. ]{.class-0}[They were raptured, and none of them were IN CHRIST'S BODY.]{.class-1}

[They sang ]{.class-0}["The song of MOSES."]{.class-3}[ That song (Rev.15:3) is Deuteronomy chapter 32. Look at it. That is the one that is quoted (Deut. 32:36) in Hebrews 10:30 (Matthew, Acts, and Hebrews. That is what does it!).]{.class-0}

[I have now taken you through more that eighty verses that deal with ]{.class-0}[two raptures]{.class-1}[. At this point, ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[ONE]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[recognized Bible scholar in the Scholars' Union has anymore of an idea of what I am talking about THAN A THREE YEAR-OLD HOTTENTOT. ]{.class-1}[Spiritually, they are deaf, dumb, and blind.]{.class-0}

[The harvest of Revelation 14:15]{.class-0}[ precedes]{.class-1}[ the harvest of Revelation 14:18--20. James' harvest is a harvest of ]{.class-0}[good fruit]{.class-1}[, not the fruit of the Song of Moses in Deuteronomy chapters 32--33. The Post-Tribulation appearance of Jesus Christ to His enemies, as a Lamb SEATED on a throne, cannot match His appearance as seated on a horse (Rev. 19:11--16). His enemies SEE Him long enough, ]{.class-0}[before]{.class-1}[ He comes, to gather troops to fight against Him, at the place where they saw Him (Rev. 19:19). Read it. Don't be a Bible illiterate like David Cloud, Shelton Smith, Arthur Farstad, and Harold Willmington all your life.]{.class-0}

[Jesus Christ is "SEATED on a cloud" in Revelation chapter 14 when the Post-Tribulation Rapture takes place. Those caught up at that time do ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ face the Judgment Seat of Christ, and they marry ]{.class-0}[no one.]{.class-1}[ They are ]{.class-0}["GUESTS"]{.class-3}[ at a wedding, and you were told this in Matthew 22:10--11 (]{.class-0}[Matthew, Acts, and Hebrews; that is what does it!]{.class-1}[). Thus, when we say "Post-Tribulation," the terminology is not 100% accurate. It would be more accurate to say "somewhere right near the END of the tribulation" this rapture will occur. ]{.class-0}["Immediately after the tribulation of THOSE DAYS"]{.class-3}[ is the wording (Matt. 24:29), but ]{.class-0}["those days"]{.class-3}[ can be ]{.class-0}["shortened,"]{.class-3}[ or they can be delayed (Matt. 24:22). ]{.class-0}

[One thing is certain: Paul's conversion is a ]{.class-0}[type ]{.class-1}[of that appearance of Christ (Acts 9:1--5), which explains his ]{.class-0}["born out of due time"]{.class-3}[ statement in 1 Corinthians 15:8. This appearance is foreshadowed in places like Isaiah 60:1--3; Joel 3:16; and Psalm 50:2. It is God "shining forth, brighter than the sun" (Ps. 67:1; Matt. 17:2; Acts 22:6). ]{.class-0}[Matthew, ACTS, and Hebrews; that will do it!]{.class-1}

[Daniel has a run-in with the Lord like this (Dan. 10:5--11), and so does Ezekiel (Ezek. 8:1--2). Somehow another great truth slipped by all of the "godly Christian scholars" engaged in using "the oldest and best manuscripts" to "help you to have a better understanding of the word of God." You see, Daniel, Ezekiel, and Paul were all ]{.class-0}[JEWISH evangelists sent to preach to the GENTILES]{.class-1}[ as well as the Jews (see Dan. 2--5, 7, 9, etc.; Ezek. 26--30, 38--39, etc.; and Rom. 15--16). It will be 144,000 JEWS who preach to Gentiles in the Tribulation.]{.class-0}

Another character of similar "stamp" was JONAH.

[So here we have ONE ]{.class-0}["chaste virgin" ]{.class-3}[(2 Cor. 11:2) being caught up BEFORE the Mark of the Beast starts damning men (Rev. 14:9--10), and she is caught up in the Spring (Song of Sol. 2:10--13) by a voice that sounds like a trumpet (1Thess. 4:16) to the child of God but sounds to the unsaved like ]{.class-0}[thunder]{.class-1}[ (John 12:28--30; Job 37:1--5). Every saint in that Bride is "called" by NAME (John 10:1--7) and is first "led OUT" ("Exodus") of the world system (John 10:3) and then ]{.class-0}[brought back]{.class-1}[ in to earth BEHIND their Shepherd (John 10:4). ]{.class-0}["THIS PARABLE SPAKE JESUS UNTO THEM" ]{.class-3}[(James White, Stewart Custer, Bob Jones III, Zane Hodges, Rosenthal, Kutilek, Shelton Smith) ]{.class-0}["BUT THEY UNDERSTOOD NOT WHAT THINGS THEY WERE WHICH HE SPAKE UNTO THEM"]{.class-3}[ (John 10:6).]{.class-0}

[So they called His teaching "heresy." SOP for all Alexandrians. SOP="Slobs on Parade." Here, on the other hand, we have a number of ]{.class-0}[virgins]{.class-1}[ (Song of Sol. 6:8) in ]{.class-0}[two separate groups ]{.class-1}

[(Rev. 7:4, 9), ]{.class-0}[unlike the]{.class-1}[ ]{.class-0}[ONE BODY]{.class-3}[ (Gal. 3:28; Eph. 3:1--8). They are being caught up ]{.class-0}[after]{.class-1}[ the Mark of the Beast is required worldwide (Rev. 13). These groups are caught up sometime around the Feast of Trumpets, when an Angel blows the Seventh Trumpet, called ]{.class-0}["a great sound of a trumpet"]{.class-3}[ in Matthew 24:31. This "sister" marries ]{.class-0}[no one]{.class-1}[ when she is called to ]{.class-0}["Come up hither!"]{.class-3}[ and she has to stand before the White Throne Judgment (see Rev. 11:18 and 20:11--14) for the Judgment Seat of Christ is PAST. She comes out of a FAITH-WORKS situation (see Matt. 25) requiring ]{.class-0}[commandment keeping ]{.class-1}[(Rev. 12:17, 14:12) as well as faith in Jesus Christ. Works show up at the White Throne (Rev. 20).]{.class-0}

[And THAT is where the "fur hits the fan" with all of the apostate Baptists. That is what "ties the rag on the bush" for every apostate Fundamentalist "Bible expositor" on earth. ]{.class-0}[They cannot handle the Book. ]{.class-1}[That is why they all run for cover and begin to scream about "Ruckmanism" and "Ruckmanites!" They are ]{.class-0}[Biblical Illiterates.]{.class-1}[ They can handle another sinner like themselves, but when it come to that BOOK!---that roaring Lion of the Protestant Reformation---ah, when it comes to tangling with that "King of the Beasts," they can only submerge in a mudhole, cover their eyes, and whine about "plenary, verbally inspired originals" or "the fundamentals of the Christian faith" while the old Lion chews 'em up and spits 'em out: "HOICK! TOOEY!"]{.class-0}

[No member of the Body of Jesus Christ will ever be alive in a situation where saved Jews and saved Gentiles make up two separate bodies of saints ]{.class-1}[(Rev. 7),]{.class-0}[ and no member of the Body of Christ will be alive when a man can lose salvation by taking a mark or number or name]{.class-1}[ (Rev. 13:1--18, 14:9--10). No member of the Body of Christ will be present when an angel preaches ]{.class-0}["another gospel"]{.class-3}[ that Paul did ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ preach (Gal. 1:6­--8)---and is ]{.class-0}[BLESSED for doing it ]{.class-1}[(Rev. 14:6--7)---and no member of the Body of Christ will ever be told that his "enduring to the end" (Matt. 24:13) depends upon keeping the ]{.class-0}["COMMANDMENTS OF GOD, AND THE FAITH OF JESUS CHRIST"]{.class-3}[ (Rev. 12:17, 14:12).]{.class-0}

Let all of the apostate Fundamentalists (all Baptists included) "dream on" and live out their Anti-scriptural "fantasies." Their teachers are just as blind and deceived as they are and will remain so (only worse) as time goes by.

[If you told one of these baby-faces Biblical Illiterates that the "]{.class-0}[speaking]{.class-1}[" of Hebrews 1:1 was the ]{.class-0}[speaking]{.class-1}[ of Hebrews 12:25--26 which will take place as recorded in Haggai 2:6--7 and is foreshadowed on the road to Damascus (Acts 9:5--7, ACTS, that is what does it!), the Momma's boy would have a slobbering fit. Momma's little darlin's cannot handle ]{.class-0}["strong meat"]{.class-3}[ (Heb. 5:12--14). They cannot handle THE BOOK. The day they quit believing it was the day God rendered them totally incapable of ]{.class-0}[handling it]{.class-1}[ or ]{.class-0}[understanding]{.class-1}[ it. They became blind guides who now have the distinction of being the most blind guides on this earth called to lead the Laodicean church into total apostasy before the second coming of Satan (2 Thess. 2).]{.class-0}

[Allow them that "distinction." You can afford to be generous if you still believe THE BOOK. For at anytime, day or night, at any moment, God the Holy Spirit can show YOU---the poorest, humblest, most ignorant, uneducated believer (Luke 10:21; Isa. 28:9) on earth---great precious truths which He would never stoop to show THEM (Luke 10:21; 1 Cor. 1--3). ]{.class-0}["God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble."]{.class-3}

[Now ]{.class-0}[the result]{.class-1}[ of this self-induced ignorance (inflicted upon them by the Author of Scripture for not taking His Book seriously) has been a worldwide movement (since somewhere around 1960) which has caused thousands of Christians to ]{.class-0}[give up looking for Jesus Christ to return. ]{.class-1}[I have encountered it here and on the mission fields of Russia, Germany, Canada, Mexico, the Philippines, and Korea and have received correspondence about it from India, China, Hawaii, England, and Australia. They were told a half dozen times to look for ]{.class-0}[Jesus Christ]{.class-1}[ to return (Acts 1:11; 1 John 3:1--3; Titus 2:13; and Phil. 3:20). In PLAIN ENGLISH (]{.class-0}[AV 1611]{.class-1}[), there are many Christians now waiting for:]{.class-0}

1\. America to be "re-Christianized" by "Reconstructionists" (i.e., The Chalcedon Ministry).

2\. A great revival to come by political activity of the "Christian Right" ("right wing" of Christianity).

3\. Daniel's Seventieth Week to show up.

4\. The temple to be rebuilt.

5\. The Son of Perdition to show up.

6\. Russia to invade Palestine.

7\. And now (with Rosenthal's muddled nonsense), waiting to enter the last half of Daniel's Seventieth Week after going through Revelation chapters 6--15, without getting into Revelation chapters 16--19.

[That is, in the twentieth century, the Lord's "flock" has been led astray and deceived into looking for ANYTHING ]{.class-0}[except ]{.class-1}[the One they were told to look for (Matt. 24:42, 44; Luke 12:35--37; Phil. 3:20). This is the work of its "shepherds"---the self-styled "Biblical Scholars." ]{.class-0}[It is not the work of the Holy Spirit.]{.class-1}

[Perhaps it is the uncertainty of the Lord's appearing that causes these blind guides to reject the eighty-plus verses I just asked you to study. It might be the "shepherds" are lazy, as well as conceited and stupid. But the ]{.class-0}[fruits]{.class-1}[ of their booklets, tracts, pamphlets, and video tapes is a mob of saved sinners who are ]{.class-0}[not ]{.class-1}[expecting Jesus Christ to show up ]{.class-0}[today]{.class-1}[.]{.class-0}

I am expecting Him before I finish this booklet.

[And the fact that my expectation may prove to be sadly ]{.class-0}[in vain]{.class-1}[ no more discourages me than it did the last 10,000 times I expected Him to come. He told me to look for HIM and ]{.class-0}["occupy"]{.class-3}[ till He came.]{.class-0}

[I don't have to be ignorant of one prophetic event found anywhere in either Testament regarding the regathering of the Jews, the rebuilding of the Temple, the rise of the ten-federated Kingdom (Rev. 13, 17), or the Antichrist; but I shouldn't be waiting for any of them. I am to ]{.class-0}["wait on the Lord"]{.class-3}[ (Ps. 25:5, 21, 37:7, 9, 34, 39:7, 59:9, 62:5; Isa. 8:17, 30:18). My instructions are YOUR instructions if YOU are in the Body of Christ (Gal. 5:5; 1 Thess. 1:10). Someone---and it is not that dirty dog "Ruckman"---is giving you "the shaft."]{.class-0}

I have studied some works that hold to SEVEN raptures:

1\. Jesus Christ in Acts chapter 1.

2\. Enoch in Genesis chapter 5.

3\. Elijah in 2 Kings chapter 2.

4\. The Body of Christ in 1 Thessalonians chapter 4.

5\. Moses and Elijah in Revelation chapter 11.

6\. The 144,000 Jewish evangelists.

[7. The great multitude of martyred Gentiles in Revelation 7:9 who came (notice!) ]{.class-0}["OUT of great tribulation.]{.class-3}

[But every foul ball knocked into the bleachers since 1960 has come about from a ]{.class-0}[saved Fundamentalist]{.class-1}[ who used Matthew 24:31 to drag ]{.class-0}[the Church]{.class-1}[ into ]{.class-0}[some part]{.class-1}[ of the Tribulation or some part of the "Great" Tribulation. I don't know of one exception. Once any fundamentalist teaches the heresy ]{.class-0}[now being taught at every major Christian school in America]{.class-1}[---that sinners are saved in the Tribulation exactly ]{.class-0}[the way]{.class-1}[ they are saved ]{.class-0}[now]{.class-1}[---the door is open to get YOU into the Tribulation. Once you try to jam Revelation 12:17; Revelation 14:12; and Hebrews 3:14 into the Church-Age "Gospel of the Grace of God" (Acts 20:24), you have opened Pandora's box, which contains 4,000 open cans of worms.]{.class-0}

[Now I confess I cannot place either Rapture (Pre or Post) into an exact time bracket. I have sometimes thought that ]{.class-0}["Immediately after the]{.class-3}[ ]{.class-0}[tribulation of those days"]{.class-3}[ (Matt. 24:29) might refer to a rapture which ]{.class-0}[preceded]{.class-1}[ the Advent by as much as a year, but I could not prove it. Perhaps there is one appearance to Tribulation saints in September (Feast of Trumpets), and those who are ]{.class-0}[not]{.class-1}[ "looking for Him" (Heb. 9:28) are left (Matt. 25:10--12) to see a second appearance around July or August of the next year (Rev. 1:7, 6:16). I am not sure about these matters. I do not teach as "doctrine" anything that I am not absolutely certain of. But I am absolutely certain of ]{.class-0}[one thing.]{.class-1}[ The raptures described in Psalm 50:1--6; Isaiah 26:20--21; Revelation 14:14--16; Hebrews 9:28; 2 Samuel 22:17--20; Psalm 18:6--19; and Matthew 24:40--42 are ]{.class-0}[not connected with the New Testament body of Jesus Christ that is NOW on earth.]{.class-1}

[I know ]{.class-0}[that ]{.class-1}[absolute Scriptural TRUTH from spending time (believing time) in the Book, instead of wasting it on "availing myself of modern 'Study Helps' and 'Study Bibles' for those who desire 'serious Bible study'." I avoid ]{.class-0}[that]{.class-1}[ Laodicean baloney like rotten pork.]{.class-0}